---------------
Chapter 16
---------------
The first thing Red notices about General Gill’s steel hive is the wild variations in temperature.  Some corridors are so hot that he has to keep his eyes closed.  Other areas are so cold that Evva and Jack, and all of the other dignitaries from the other hives, start getting stiff and motionless.  They round a corner and again the heat becomes almost unbearable.  He surmises that Gill is still working on perfecting the temperature regulation.  

The hive is crawling inside and out with drones, their metal bodies moving so fast that they are a blur of motion - building support beams, running wires, installing switches and controls everywhere.

Red looks over to Yellow and Hank and notices that they don’t look afraid, or even scared.  Yellow is still trying to pull herself free of the steel grip of the drone that is carrying her, and Hank seems to be carefully examining the wiring and switches.

Soon enough, though, their journey comes to an abrupt end as Red, Yellow, Hank, Princess Evva, and Jack are all thrown together into a holding chamber.  The remaining bees are thrown into other cells as well.  Red notices that the chamber has specifically been heated to be just warm enough so that Evva and Jack can only just barely move and breathe.  Clearly, Gill designed these holding chambers to keep bees in a state of near-death.

Evva stands up, and starts rubbing her arms. Jack stands next to her, beating his wings rapidly in an effort to try to generate heat.  Yellow lifts up Hank and holds him tight.

Hank:  I’m okay, mom.  I’m okay.  The flower patch gets colder than this in the winter.

Evva looks at Yellow and Red, but then looks down again at the cold steel floor.

Evva: I should have banished him.  I should have banished Gill from the hive.  I am so sorry about everything that has happened - I wanted to give Gill one more chance to reform himself.  But, I should have seen that he would never change…

Yellow: We have to stop Gill - this war isn’t going to end with the sweat bees.  He is talking about declaring war on every creature in this meadow!

Evva sighs deeply.

Evva:  It was our way.

Yellow:  What do you mean, “your way?”

Evva:  Long ago, when Gill was young, our hive was extremely territorial in nature.  Our soldiers would attack anything that entered our borders, and it worked continuously day and night to expand those borders.  Gill’s entire generation was made up of soldiers.

Jack:  But then you were born.  The only bee in an entire generation that could become queen.  And then we had hope.

Evva: I have been fighting a war, though, too.  My entire life, I have felt like I was fighting against our own soldiers.  They were supposed to be defending us and protecting the hive, not endangering it over and over again by provoking new conflicts every chance they could get.

Yellow: That’s not your way, though.  I have seen you govern this hive, and I have seen all the work you have done to create new allies.

Evva: I should just fly away.  Without me, there’s no new generation.  Without any new soldiers, the war ends.

Hank’s voice suddenly rings out loudly, echoing off the steel walls.

Hank:  Gill will figure out he doesn’t have to fight them… eventually.

Red:  Come again, sport?

Hank:  The sweat bees.  I saw them.  They covered the whole sky, and the humans kept bringing in more of them -- they were endless.  Gill will eventually figure out that he doesn’t have to fight them.

Suddenly Evva’s eyes open wide, and she has a look of absolute terror on her face.  The realization stuns her.

Hank:  He’ll figure out he doesn’t have to fight them.

Evva:  He’ll recruit them.  Or... enslave them... and put them in... those drones.  He’ll have an endless army of drones.  We have to stop him!  Okay, change of plan, I’m not going anywhere.  We have to shut this hive down - steel or not, it has to have a weakness somewhere.

Hank:  The control boxes all have variable resistors.  At every wiring junction, there’s a control node and every box has a variable resistor, so they must need to tune something.  Maybe we can change the frequency.

Red:  Like a radio?

Hank:  Yeah, like how the humans tune a radio.

Evva:  I bet they’re not tuning it to their favorite radio station.

Yellow:  He has to be controlling those drones somehow.

Red:  I bet this whole hive works like a big radio tower.  But instead of sending out a radio signal...

Yellow:  He’s sending out a control signal!

Evva:  He said something about suppressing the will of the bees inside the drones - I bet he needs all those control nodes to do that, to keep sending out some kind of control signal.

Yellow:  That means we just have to change the frequency on the control nodes and Gill loses control.

Hank:  But there must be hundreds of control nodes.  They must only work over a very small area, and they probably overlap too.  All of us working together could probably only take over a really small area -- like one room, maybe.

Evva:  That might just be all we need, though.

Yellow:  How do we get out of here, though?  It’s almost dawn, I’m sure they’re coming for us any moment now.

Red:  I’ll rush them when they open the chamber door.  Then we make a break for it!

Hank walks over to the door and presses the side of his head up against it.

Hank:  I can hear them, they’re coming down the hall.

Red pulls Hank away from the door, and lifts him up to a small hexagon alcove in the wall.

Red:  Okay sport, this is going to get a little rough - but you stay up here until I come get you, okay?

Hank:  But Red, I can fight too!

Red:  I know you can, kiddo, but these drones are tough, really tough.

Hank:  Okay, I’ll stay up here.

Red positions himself behind the door.  As the sun begins to rise, a distant rooster can be heard announcing the dawn.  The mechanical sound of metallic wings buzzing fiercely can be heard coming down the corridor - getting closer.  Red is holding his leaves under the dim sunlight coming in through the tiny window, trying to store up every tiny bit of energy he can.  

Suddenly, a tiny hatch in the door slides open and the face of a drone can be seen looking into the chamber, it looks around quickly.  Red is standing against the wall so that the drone cannot see him.  The hatch closes and the door slowly begins to swing open.  The drone looks inside and quickly reaches forward with three of its legs -- grabbing Yellow, Jack and Evva with steel pinchers.  The drone is confused as it looks around the room for Hank and Red.

Hank’s grip on the edges of the tiny hexagon alcove slips a bit and the drone instantly sees him and moves to grab Hank as well.

Red suddenly springs from behind the door, grabbing the drone from behind by one of its free legs and lifts it so that it is dangling in the air upside down.  Having the world suddenly turn upside down confuses the drone momentarily and it releases its grip on its captives.  Evva and Yellow fall to the ground, but quickly get up and grab the drone’s wings, to prevent it from taking flight.  Jack has grabbed two of the drone’s free legs and has them wrapped around the drone’s back.  The drone’s two remaining free legs have unfolded buzzsaws and the drone is furiously trying to hit its assailants -- but they are all outside of its vision.

The drone suddenly realizes what is happening and spins its head completely around so it is looking backwards now, and it can see its targets.  A buzzsaw spins through the air at Jack, but Jack is able to dive out of the way and the saw embeds itself into the steel wall.  Another buzzsaw flies at Red, but Red isn’t as lucky or as quick as Jack -- the buzzsaw hits Red on the shoulder, and Red recoils in pain.  With all of its legs free, the drone begins beating its wings, throwing both Yellow and Evva to the ground.  It raises its arms and wicked barbs sprout from where its hands should be.  Its eyes begin flashing quickly and the sound of its machinery whirring inside grows louder and louder as it closes.

Suddenly, Hank jumps down from the alcove and stands in the morning sun.  The drone hears Hank land on the floor and spins around.

Hank’s petals catch the morning sun and they unfold.

In an instant, Hank’s petals turn from a dull, pale blue to a radiant sapphire.  His petals glow with energy.  Around his neck, his leaves and thorns form into a spiked collar.  The edges of his leaves become serrated and thorns pop out of the back of his stem.  Flame stripes of energy course down every leaf.  His entire body glows with a radiant energy.  The crackling of energy around him becomes louder and louder, like a laser cannon charging up.

Hank shouts over the sound of the energy crackling around his body.

Hank:  I AM AN EARLY BLOOMER!

Hank flexes his petals and the energy around him suddenly acquires focus, travels down his leaves and blasts the drone with so much force that it sends the drone tumbling back against the wall across the corridor.  The drone is instantly smashed into a heap of scrap and wires.  A tiny South Branch bee crawls out from under the wreckage, and the control helmet on the bee’s head snaps into two pieces.  The bee looks up, confused, but obviously relieved to be free of the metal drone suit.

Hank, looking exhausted and a little bit dazed begins to fall, but Yellow and Red are by his side and catch him.  Hank looks up at Yellow and smiles.

Hank:  Mom, I think I might be a morning person.

Yellow and Red both hug Hank.

Yellow:  Oh sweetie, I think you’re right.

Princess Evva helps the tiny South Branch bee stand up, and looking through the pile of scrap, quickly finds the key for the holding cells.  She hands the key to the South Branch bee, and he goes to work unlocking and freeing the dignitaries and guests from the other cells.

Princess Evva:  Get them out of here!  This hive may be made of steel, but it is still a hive - which means there must be a small scout door near the southern outer wall.  If you go down this corridor, that should lead you out.  All of Gill’s drones are soldiers, none of them are scouts, so there shouldn’t be any drones coming in or out of the scout door.

Princess Evva:  Bring everyone to the new beaver lodge on Torn Leaf pond.  These drones probably don’t even know that the lodge has been finished, so they probably won’t know to look there.  Everyone will be safe and warm in the lodge.  Ask the mice living on the north edge of the pond to send their fastest runners as messengers to each of the hives.  The drones won’t be looking for the mice, so they should be able to travel safely and alert each hive so that they can mount a defense just in case we fail.  

Princess Evva:  You know first-hand, so make sure they know what they’re up against.

The tiny South Branch bee nods and starts leading the other bees down a small side corridor to the scout door.

Red:  It won’t be long before Gill knows that one of his drones is out of commission.

Evva:  Well, we’ll just have to hurry then.  Hank, am I right in assuming that all these control nodes are connected together like a net.

Hank:  Well, yeah, they probably are so that each box has four redundant circuits that it is connected to - so, yeah, like a giant net.

Evva:  Is it possible to follow the control nodes to their center?

Hank:  Yeah, I think so, I think the colors of the boxes show how far they are from the center.  The center ones should be ultraviolet.  So if we just keep going toward the more-ultraviolet ones, we should reach the center of the network.

Jack: I would wager that Gill is using the bell housing and the flywheel as the main control node and transmitter.  You’ll find them near the back of the engine, near the clutch.

Evva and Jack whisper among themselves for a minute, making sure no one else can hear them.

Evva:  Okay everyone, we have a terrible plan!  It’s absolutely awful, and it probably won’t work - but it’s the only one we have.  First, though, Jack is going to help get Red and Hank out here -- get going you three!

Hank begins to protest, but Red scoops him up in his big leaves and brings him up close so he can look him in the eyes.

Red:  One little drone is one thing, sport, but hundreds of them is totally different.

Hank:  But I can fight!  You saw me, I can fight really good if I have enough sunlight!

Red:  Maybe one at a time, but I don’t think they’ll be fighting us one at a time.  If anything were to happen to you… I… I don’t know what I’d do.  I’m not going to let that happen, sorry, kiddo - you’re coming with me.

Red runs down the corridor, holding Hank tight.  Jack leads the way, out of the steel hive, and into the night.

Yellow heard what Red said to Hank, and watches him carrying her son to safety.  She smiles and her petals glow.  Evva sees Yellow smile, and gets a funny look on her face.

Evva:  What do you think?  Should we keep ‘em?

Yellow:  Ugh, men are so much trouble!

Evva:  Tell me about it… but then they do stuff like that.

Yellow:  Yeah, they do, don’t they.  Hank will be safe with Red.  He’ll always be safe with Red.

Princess Evva scoops up Yellow and holds her tightly to her back.

Evva:  Alright little daisy, I think it’s time for some overhead environment flight-training!

Princess Evva zips down the opposite corridor, following the control nodes to their center.  Yellow is holding onto Evva tightly, trying not to fall off.

Yellow:  My flight instructors don’t fly this fast!

Evva:  Well, yeah, they’re not queens!
