---------------
Chapter 12
---------------
Yellow decides that this moment is THE happiest she’s ever been - well, maybe second happiest after the day Hank sprouted… okay, maybe third happiest after the day when she met Red.  After those things, though, this was definitely it - the happiest she’s ever been!  The two bees keeping her aloft worked together perfectly - it was like they could read her mind.  She held out two of her leaves like the wings of an airplane, and the bees lifted her like tiny prop plane engines.  She could use the leaves near the base of her stem like a rudder - and the tiniest movements in any of her leaves allowed her to nimbly dance across the sky.  

Yellow banked and climbed.  She levelled-off and went into a steep dive, pulling up just inches above the milkweed pond.  Seeing her reflection in the clear pond, she felt like an angel, gliding effortlessly over the water.  The bees that pulled her forward were strong and fast, and they could cross the pond in a matter of seconds.

Yellow slightly twisted her leaves and the bees climbed higher and higher until she could see the entire Bolton farm, the tiny forest, the milkweed pond, and the horizon stretching on forever.  The world seemed so much larger now.  Her whole universe had been this tiny little pond, and now she could barely see it. She suddenly felt very small.

The bees were reaching the end of their flight time, Yellow could feel them starting to lose power, so she gently guided them back to the hive.  After landing, she helped the bees undo their harnesses and walked with them back to the hangar, making sure they got some honey before walking back to the tower herself.  Red is waiting for her in the observation deck, his leaves were still curled up into balls.

Yellow:  Well, what did you think of that?  Pretty good loops, huh?

Red is looking a little pale.  Red has been practicing walking every day, and now after weeks of living at the hive, he could walk as easily and run as quickly as Yellow.  He still refused to even try walking around on six roots, though, because he still thought it was creepy.  Of course, that just meant Yellow still did it every chance she could get.

Red:  That was a full 15 minutes, which puts you at your 4-hour maximum for today.  And I think you reached an altitude of 300 feet.  At least, that’s what I would estimate.  I didn’t actually see any of the loops.

Red notices just now that Yellow is walking around like a spider, using all 6 roots.

Yellow: How come?

Red: I was too busy closing my eyes… and clenching my leaves in mortal terror.  And I thought we agreed no more spider walking -- it’s creepy!

Yellow feigns surprise, but is obviously having a great time teasing Red.

Yellow: Oh, was I walking around like a spider?  Come on Red, we’ve been through this before.  Flying really is the safest way to travel.

Red: Not the way you do it!

Yellow: Especially the way I do it!  Look, Red, the only way that I can practice responding correctly to emergency situations is by simulating them - in safe, controlled environments.

Red: That death spiral you did this morning didn’t look like a safe, controlled environment!

Yellow:  Yeah?

Red: Yeah.

Yellow: Why?  Were you afraid you were going to lose me?  

Red: I was thinking about Hank, and how devastated he would be to lose you.

Yellow: Yeah?  I think it was because you were afraid of losing the one who curls up next to you every night.

Red: I requested two separate living quarters for us, I don’t know why they put us into one.

Yellow blushes, looking guilty.

Yellow: I think it was because Princess Evva is a very wise princess, that’s why… and one day she will be a very wise queen.

Red: Hmmm, that sounds suspiciously like you had something to do with it.

Yellow:  Well, the princess and I may have had a little chat...

Red: Oh really?

Yellow: Uh huh.  Besides, I think you’ve enjoyed these last two weeks.  It’s been like we’re some kind of family.  Hank didn’t even blink when I told him we’d all be staying together.  He said, “Awesome!” and started talking about how you and him could play some sort of collectible card magic something or another.  Did you teach him a collectible card game?

Red: Well, I might have shown him how to build a deck or two...

Yellow: Oh really?

Just then Hank comes running into the room.

Hank:  Mom that was incredible!  The 2 loops with the barrel roll in the middle, and the dive after the engine stall, and the banking and…

Yellow:  Whoah, slow down there sweetie.  You know I’m not trying to be a stunt pilot, right?

Hank:  Yes, I know, it’s all “emergency training” for your license.  But it’s SO COOL!

Yellow just laughs, and starts writing in her flight journal.  Suddenly, there is a pounding sound and the whole tower starts to shake.

Red:  Earthquake!  Everyone stop drop and roll!

Hank:  Red, that’s just Pepper.

Hank looks out the hexagon-shaped observation window and sees Pepper at the base of the tower, tapping on the wall with her paw.  Hank opens the window, and all three flowers look below.  Pepper sees them all and smiles.

Pepper:  Hey, Hank, are you ready to go?  Oh, hi, Hank’s parents!

Red: Someone explain to me how I got adopted into this family again?

Yellow throws her leaves around Red, holding him tight.

Yellow: It’s all because of your love of adventure, your nerves of steel, and your thrill-seeking heart - didn’t you know?

Red: I didn’t get that memo.

Hank chuckles, and calls down to Pepper, “I’ll be right down, Pepper!”

Yellow: Is Pepper on crop-report duty again today?

Hank: No, we’re just going swimming.

Yellow: Ok, stay close to the beach, though, no deep diving.

Hank: I promise.  Bye, mom! Bye, Red!
