---------------
Chapter 11
---------------
The sun is setting over a barren stretch of ground on the western edge of the wheat fields.  Odd bits of scrap metal and trash have collected here into a small pile of debris.  A frail bee with streaks of grey hair in his coat is darting about, searching for bits of wire and scraps of metal.  He carries a small strip of leather, fashioned into a backpack, around his shoulders.  Two metallic snakes follow close behind, trying to keep up.  The bee lands next to a bottle cap and motions to one of the snakes.  Susan rears up and then strikes at the bottle cap, injesting it into a storage area deep in her mechanical interior.

Professor Thorn:  Good! Very good, my child, you are getting quicker every day.  A few more minor adjustments and you will move faster than any snake that has ever lived.

Thorn pulls a small box from his backpack, points it at Susan and pushes a button.  The mechanical snake lies flat, and Thorn climbs on top of her head.

Thorn: My wings are tired, my child, you will need to carry me back home, I’m afraid.

Susan smoothly, carefully raises her head back up while her body begins to gently slither across the ground, pushing westward toward the compost heap outside of South Branch, followed closely by her twin sister.  Professor Thorn opens a hatch in the snake’s head, and pulls out the bottlecap that was just “eaten.”  He examines the bottlecap closely and looks pleased.

Thorn: This was a lucky find, Susan, no more than a day old… no rust, and still has some sealing wax on top - lucky indeed!

In the bottlecap’s reflection, Thorn suddenly sees a dark shape following directly behind him.  A dark shape with glowing yellow eyes…

Thorn spins around to see a large mongoose chasing him through the grass.  He holds on tight to Susan’s head and yells, “full speed!”  Susan responds immediately, and is now a blur of rusty metal as she speeds over the ground.  Thorn struggles to hang on, and almost loses his grip twice.  Thorn directs the snake into a fallen log and, once inside, brings the mechanical creature to a halt.  Susan’s twin sister, Anne, comes to rest beside them.

Inside the log, Thorn directs Susan to raise her head up so he can look out of a small hole in the top of the log - only to find that his head is between the jaws of the mongoose.  The mongoose snaps its jaws shut, but Thorn is able to duck in time, and avoid the jaws.

The twin snakes burst out of the log at full speed with the professor hanging on tightly.  The mongoose is close behind, snapping at the snakes’ tails.  With a sudden burst of speed, the mongoose springs over the snakes, landing in front of them, its claws at the ready.

Thorn leans to the left and his mechanical snake veers hard, narrowly missing the mongoose’s claws.  Over and over again the mongoose leaps ahead and strikes, causing Thorn to veer wildly through the underbrush, unsure now which way he is heading.

Suddenly, Thorn realizes that the mongoose has been simply toying with him, making him lead the snakes right back to the dirt road.  As soon as Susan and Anne slither onto the road, Thorn sees the headlights, but it is too late.
  
Thorn leaps through the air, avoiding the tires of the farmer’s pickup truck, but Susan is not as lucky.  Anne dodges the truck tires and springs through the air, grabbing Professor Thorn gently in her jaws, closing them just enough so he doesn’t fall out. 

Anne reaches the other side of the road and looks back at the smashed sibling that is now a pile of lifeless scrap metal and wires.  Anne sees the remains of her sister scattered across the road...the lights in her eyes dim slightly.  Thorn gasps at the sight, and has to turn away.  He can only whimper, “my child.”

Professor Thorn is suddenly thrown to the ground, the mongoose has grabbed  Anne by her tail and is flinging her through the air.  Thorn lands hard on the dirt road.  There is a sickening “snap” sound from his right hind leg followed by a sudden bolt of pain, and Thorn realizes his leg is broken.  Anne coils around the neck of the mongoose and forces it down to the ground, the mongoose clamps onto the snake’s head and begins to squeeze.

Just then, General Gill steps up behind the aging professor and brandishes a small crudely crafted metal box.

Professor Thorn:  Gill!  What are you doing!?

General Gill manipulates several switches on the box, and suddenly Anne releases her grip of the mongoose and slithers over to the General’s side.  Professor Thorn pulls the controller out of his backpack and taps at its controls frantically.  

General Gill climbs onto the head of the snake, and the mongoose walks over to stand next to him.

General Gill: Professor!  Your love of science has absolutely inspired me!  You see, I have built my own remote control unit for your “children” here.  You know, at first, I thought you were controlling these mechanical wonders with hand gestures.  But then I noticed that one of your hands was always in the pocket of your lab coat when you were giving them commands.  Once I realized that, it didn't take me long to sample the signals your little box made and recreate my own controller while jamming your control signals.  Now that’s true creative genius, wouldn’t you say?

Professor Thorn looks at the remains of Susan, now strewn across the road.

Thorn: YOU ARE A MONSTER!

Gill: Oh no, I’m no monster, I just control the monsters.  Like this mongoose, for example.  Oh, where are my manners?  Professor Thorn, this is Sergeant Fang -- a member of our “soldier exchange” program.  He wasn’t doing well, I’m afraid - prone to violence, psychotic episodes, no respect for the chain of command.  That is, he was that way… until I took him under my wing, so to speak.  I channeled all his rage, gave him focus and a purpose, and now he is the perfect soldier … for certain types of missions at least.

Thorn: What do you want with me, Gill?!  I kept up my end of the bargain.  You have your red jelly, what more do you want from me?!

Gill: Oh, but you see, the capturing of my soldiers wasn’t part of our agreement - that is where you went too far. 

General Gills manipulates the buttons on his controller and Anne snaps up Thorn in one quick strike.  Anne holds Thorn in her jaws, pinning him flat against the roof of her mouth.

Gill: But don’t worry, I’m sure we can work together to find a way to make things right.  After all, now that you have inspired my love of science, I find that there are a great many experiments I want to perform as well.  

General Gill laughs as Anne carries Professor Thorn away, Sergeant Fang following close behind.
