---------------
Chapter 6
---------------
General Gill stalks through the dark corridors of the “archives,” deep below the hive’s commons.  Sergeant Cole is following close behind, looking around anxiously.

Cole:  General, Sir, how are you going to find these parts you’re looking for, sir?

Gill: These hallways were once part of the palace commons… before they were built over with banquet halls and all that other nonsense.  I used to walk these halls as a young soldier, so I know my way around, and the parts I’m looking for are close - very close.

Gill stops and looks up to the ceiling above, imagining a time when the hive was young.

Gill: When I was a young soldier, I would stand right here, basking in the warmth of the sun.  I felt certainty back then - certainty in my station in life, certainty in the wisdom of my superiors, and certainty in the missions I was given.  It was SIMPLER back then.  The hive didn’t bother with all these treaties and negotiations.  If you weren’t born in the hive, you were an enemy of the hive - it was that simple. 

Cole: But, General, Sir, we are honor-bound to protect the treaties we have signed and defend the allies we have made.

Gill:  Honor-bound you say?  Honor-bound to whom?  Are you protecting the honor of the 31st Infantry Division when they single-handedly drove-off the black squirrels of Watercress Meadow?

Cole: But Sir, the Watercress squirrels are an important trading partner now, and one of our strongest allies.

Gill:  And it sickens me every time I see their bushy little tails running back and forth in our territory!  That territory was rightfully won in combat - at the cost of thousands of soldiers’ lives!

Cole:  But Sir, the Path to Hive Citizenship has proven to be a huge success and mutually-beneficial to the hive and to every kind of mammal, reptile or insect who wants to live in our borders and protect…

Gill:  Enough, Sergeant!  You sound like a grade-school history book.  THAT is what they want you to believe.  They have re-written history for their own benefit, but I was there - I lived through those battles - I saw the savagery of those … mammals ... first-hand.  And now we are supposed to be playing host to these … flowers ... that walk on their own?!  Abominations!  It sickens me.

Cole: General, sir, we could learn so much from...

General Gill suddenly spins around and grabs Sergeant Cole by the throat, lifting him in the air and pushing him up against the wall of the corridor.  Gill’s powerful wings start beating fiercely, lifting both him and the Sergeant off the ground.

Gill: Sergeant,  have you heard the expression “might makes right?”

The sergeant is struggling to breathe and trying to free himself from the general’s grip -- but the general is far too strong.

Cole: Yes, sir, I believe I have, sir.

Gill: Well now, that certainly makes me happy - nothing brings a smile to my face more than soldier who fully understands their basic training.  And what is the first lesson I make sure all cadets are taught?

Cole: Sir, that would be “follow orders or die,” sir.

General Gill drops the sergeant to the ground where he lands with a thunderous crash.

Gill: You see, sergeant, Bee Politics are actually quite simple... as they should be.

The sergeant stands back up, coughing and wheezing.  As he does, he accidentally knocks over an enormous walnut shell, spilling its contents at Gill’s feet.  Gill spots a tiny collection of wires and electronics and scoops them up quickly.

Gill: You see, Sergeant, I told you I would find it.

Cole: Sir, right where you thought it would be, sir.

Gill: Indeed.

The pair quickly retrace their steps, leading them back out through the maintenance corridor through which they came.
 
