---------------
Chapter 7
---------------
Pepper races through grass, bounds over fallen branches, and dashes around rocks.  All the while, Hank is hollering with excitement.  The world is passing by in a blur.  Pepper is so nimble and quick that they are half-way through the journey in just a few minutes.

Hank:  This is amazing!

Pepper giggles.

Pepper: Our first stopping point is up ahead, you should stop and drink some water, all that wind against your leaves while I was running probably dehydrated you.

Hank: Okay, but the water off your back was keeping my roots really wet.

Pepper stops and lets Hank unwrap himself.  She straightens up, and then starts cleaning her head with her paws.

Pepper: The what?

Hank: The water off your back, it kept hitting my roots, it was really salty though.

Pepper: You were drinking my sweat?  Ewww!

Hank: I couldn’t help it, my roots absorb any water they touch.

Pepper: Actually, that’s kind of cool… when you think about it.  Well, you better drink up anyways, dilute that salt a little.

Hank walks over to the edge of the pond, and begins lifting up his leaves when he notices that Pepper is still watching him.

Hank: Hey, don’t watch, okay?

Pepper: What, watch what?

Hank: My roots, you have to turn around while I sink them into the soil.

Pepper: What? You’re, kidding right?  You’re shy about your roots? I see plant roots everyday,  we mice make our tunnels along tree roots, and those are like a hundred times bigger…

Pepper notices that Hank is not smiling, and turns around. 

Pepper: Sorry, I had no idea that’s how flowers felt about their roots.  I’m sorry.

Hank sinks his roots deep into the mud of the riverbank and drinks deep.

Hank: It’s okay, don’t worry about it.  You can turn around now.

Pepper:  You know, it isn’t so bad.

Hank: What isn’t?

Pepper: Being the only one.  I mean in school.  I’m the only mouse at our school, so I know what you’re going through - what you will go through.  I mean, being the only walking flower that is.

Hank: Well, it’s only been my first day.

Pepper: I saw how those other flowers were treating you, they should be ashamed of themselves!  Normally, you know, it wouldn’t be okay for a Senior to hang out with a Freshman.  But for me, it doesn't matter because there aren’t any other mice in the Senior class, or even in the whole school.  See, that’s what being unique gives you - freedom.

Hank: I never thought of it that way.

Pepper: To be totally honest, though, when they announced that we’d be getting a new student, I prayed and prayed that it would be another mouse.

Hank: Well, that’s okay, I don’t mind. I probably would have done the same thing.

Pepper: But, I’m really glad it turned out to be you instead.

Hank: Yeah, me too.

Pepper’s whiskers detect a tiny change in humidity around Hank’s face, and she knows he is re-hydrated.

Pepper: Come on, we better get going, I’ll turn around so you can get out.

Pepper turns around and Hank tries to uproot himself, but realizes that the mud is holding him tight.  Pepper can hear him straining.

Pepper: Everything okay back there?

Hank: I’m stuck!

Pepper: Can’t you wiggle yourself free?

Hank: I don’t think so!

Pepper: What do you want me to do?

Hank: Pulling me out would be good.

Pepper: But I thought you didn’t want me to see your roots.

Hank: I don’t think that can be avoided at this point, if you don’t pull me out, we’re both going to be in trouble.

Pepper: This is true.  Okay, I’ll try not to look...

Pepper turns around, and quickly digs out the mud around Hank’s roots. She looks up at Hank - her eyes have been closed the whole time.

Pepper: See? Eyes closed - that’s the power of the whiskers!  When I put my whiskers forward, it’s like second sight!

Hank pulls himself free of the mud and wraps around Pepper's waistline again.  Pepper opens her eyes when she feels his leaves wrapping around her shoulders.

Pepper: You can hold me tighter around the waist. 

Hank squeezes tighter with his stem.  Pepper blushes a little.

Pepper: Yep, that’s good.  Okay, here we go!

In an instant, Pepper is again running at top speed, darting between ferns, and dashing through fallen logs.  Hank is overwhelmed with the speed and instant direction changes.  And the leaps - the leaps are absolutely breathtaking!  In a matter of minutes, the pair have reached the eastern edge of the pond, and traversed the culvert to reach the wheat fields.  

Pepper climbs a large granite rock and looks out over the field, sniffing.  Her ears and whiskers twitch on high alert.  She feels Hank start to loosen his grasp.

Pepper: Don’t let go Hank.  This is a very exposed place for a mouse to be, and you would be a fancy garnish for a hungry hawk.

Hank holds tightly again and Pepper continues smelling and listening.

Pepper: Hear the way the wheat is rustling? That means it's pollinating.  And that smell, there’s no smell like that in the  whole world.  That smell brings the promise of seeds, seeds for my whole family, seeds for our whole clan!

Pepper can sense the drop in temperature in Hank’s stem.

Pepper:  Sorry, that was really thoughtless of me, wasn’t it?

Hank: It’s okay.  I think I’m starting to understand this whole food web thing.

Pepper: Yeah?

Hank: Yeah - it makes everything super complicated.

Pepper: It does.  It really does.  But you still feel safe with me, right?

Hank: Totally.

Pepper: Okay, we should get back, I have to deliver this crop report…

Just then, there is a sudden mechanical whirring sound from the field.  Engines have started running, and there is the distant sound of humans.  Pepper instinctively leaps back behind the rock, and quickly hides under a fern.  Her whole body is trembling and her heart is racing.

Hank spreads his leaves out around Pepper until she is covered completely.  He talks soothingly to her.

Hank: It’s okay, Pepper.  You’re under cover, Pepper.  See, look around you, all leaves, nothing can see you.  You’re under cover.

Pepper calms down and snaps out of her flight response.  She looks back at Hank, smiling.

Pepper: Smart little flower, aren’t you?

Hank: Not like you Seniors, though.

Pepper: Well, yeah, obviously.

Hank: What was that?

Pepper: It’s humans, but with machinery.  They shouldn’t have machinery in the fields at this time of year!  We need to see what that is, I have to include it in my crop report.

Hank: Well, let’s just walk up there and you can look.  I’ll cover you in my leaves, you’ll be completely hidden.

Pepper: Hmm, a clever Freshman, didn’t see that coming.

Hank covers Pepper completely in his leaves and Pepper slowly climbs back up their granite lookout point.  They both watch as a front loader carefully unloads pallet after pallet of enormous boxes into the middle of the field.  The humans are all dressed in white coveralls, including their hands and face.  They each carry a can that emits a thick grey smoke.  Above them, a thick brownish-grey smoke hovers and spreads.

Hank: What are  they doing?

Pepper: They’re pollinating the fields, but on a massive scale!

Hank: What is that cloud above their heads? It doesn’t move with the wind.

Pepper: That isn’t a cloud, Hank.  It’s sweat bees.  Millions and millions of sweat bees.

Hank: We need to leave.  Right now.  Right RIGHT now.

Pepper: Couldn’t agree with you more!

Pepper leaps from the stone, running before she even hits the ground.  Together, the pair vanishes back into the underbrush, rushing for home.  As she runs, Pepper asks Hank one more question.

Pepper: Do you want to know what I noticed first about you, Hank?  Before I even noticed your petals, before I even noticed that you were walking around?

Hank: What?

Pepper: Your eyes.

