---------------
Chapter 9
---------------
Yellow walks over to check on Hank.  As soon as Yellow comes around the corner of the bush, Hank lifts his book and pretends to be reading.

Yellow: How much of that did you hear, Hank?

Hank: Just up to where Red said he was going to go cloud-watching.

Yellow lets out a sigh of defeat and rubs her temples.  

Yellow:  I always forget that you have excellent hearing, don’t I?

Hank:  Yeah, you kind of do.

Yellow:  I’m sorry for yelling, sweetie, and I’m sorry you had to hear me yell at Red - that was wrong for me to do.  I’ll try not to yell in the future, okay?

Hank:  Okay.

There is more rustling in the bushes.

Yellow: That must be Pepper, I bet she is coming back for this acorn she had in her cheek.  Pepper, I found your…

Suddenly the bush explodes with a dozen soldier bees, each in a harness attached along a long length of dental floss to a clear plastic cup.

General Gill: There they are!  Deploy!

The bees slap their harnesses, and the plastic cup falls down, capturing both Yellow and Hank.  Gill flies down, pushing a leaf under the cup, and with the help of several of the other soldiers, they push the cup upright, capturing Yellow and Hank in the bottom of the cup.  Yellow tries to climb out, but the sides of the cup are too slippery.  Hank tries to slam his roots through the bottom of the cup, but the clear plastic is too strong for his tiny roots to push through.

Red hears the sudden commotion and pops his head out from the bush, he sees what is happening and tries knocking over the cup.  The soldier bees fly up and try to sting him, but he is able to dodge them by keeping his stem moving.  Red can see Yellow and Hank through the clear plastic, and the scared expressions on their faces sends him into a rage!

Red: LEAVE THEM ALONE!  LET THEM GO!  LET THEM GO NOW!

Red again and again tries to knock over the cup to free Yellow and Hank, but the bees soon realize that Red has a very limited range, so they simply move the cup out of his reach.  General Gill sees that Red is helpless, so he flies over just out of Red’s reach and hovers there mocking him.

General Gill: Ahh, you plants are so pathetic.  Always for you, all your big dreams come to nothing because you go nowhere in life.  

Red:  Why don’t you come a little closer, and you can see if these leaves are pathetic or not!

Red stretches to his limit trying to grab the general, but the general darts out of the way at the last second.

Gill:  You flowers are planted, you grow up, and you die… all in the same place.  Your tiny brains could never understand the glory of this world.  And that is the way it should be.  

While Gill is talking, Red is trying to pull up his roots, he is using all of his strength.  Snapping sounds can be heard coming from under the ground.  Red doesn’t feel the pain, though, he is overcome with rage and keeping his focus on the general.

Yellow can see what Red is doing, and sees the first broken root emerge from the ground. Yellow wraps her leaves around Hank, turning him away and holding him close to her stem.

Yellow: Close your eyes, sweetie.  Close your eyes.

Red continues pulling and pulling and Yellow can hear more snapping.

Yellow: RED DON’T! STOP!

Red keeps pulling, he has only a few roots left keeping him tethered.  The General is unaware that Red is slowly getting free from the soil and continues mocking him.

Gill: You have only one place in this world, flower -- one place to grow, one place to give bees all your pollen, and then, my friend, one place to die.  That is all your life is, and it is all your life should be.  

Gill: We cannot have plants walking around.  If we allowed that, then we could not find you to steal all your pollen.

Gill flies in close to Red, as close as he dares to get, and whispers to Red.

Gill: Do you know what we call flowers like you?  You abominations?  We call you mulch, little red flower.  We call you... mulch.

With one last pull, Red’s last root snaps and Red is free from the soil, he leaps forward again, this time unrestrained, and wraps himself around the general completely.  Red starts to squeeze and the general’s wings are instantly crushed.  The general screams out in pain, but Red only squeezes tighter.

Red: Let them go, or we’re really going to see what you’re made of - inside and out!

The general tries to free himself, but thorns suddenly flip out from Red’s stem and start digging into the general’s thorax.

Red: ORDER YOUR MEN TO LET THEM GO! NOW!

Gill: STING THEM!

The soldiers fly down into the cup, with their stingers in striking position.

Red: NO STOP!

Gill: Let me go, or they both die - if bee poison gets into the veins of your little friends, they will not survive another day -- walking or not.

Red realizes he cannot win, and slowly releases the general.  General Gill turns around and slaps Red across the face, sending Red reeling to the ground.

Gill: My wings!  My wings are my birthright!  And you… you have crushed them!  I may never fly again, do you know what it means for a bee to lose their wings?!

Gill slaps Red again, so hard that Red almost loses consciousness.  He stares helplessly at Yellow and Hank when suddenly there is another pain at the back of his head, and the whole world goes dark.

