------------
Epilogue
------------
The next morning, Princess Evva has her arm wrapped around Jack’s shoulder, and is leaning on him as she walks.  Behind them, Red, Yellow, Hank and Pepper follow closely behind.  The whole group had spent the night in the warmth of a tiny new beaver lodge on Torn Leaf pond.  The beavers listened intently all night as Red retold the story of the destruction of their hive, and their defeat of Gill and his mechanical army.  The beavers treated them all like honored guests.  

Jack was keenly aware that Princess Evva had very little time left, after losing her stinger, and he wanted to get back to the hive as soon as possible.  Evva refused, though, she wanted to do just one more thing before they returned to the hive.  

At daybreak, she whispered in Jack’s ear, and Jack reluctantly began leading the group on a short expedition - heading East from the beaver lodge.  Everyone is in a somber mood, knowing that Evva doesn’t have much time left.  Everyone, that is, except for Princess Evva who, despite her wounds, is cheery and seems happy.

Jack: We really should be back at the hive, Milady - you need rest, not more adventure.

Yellow: Really, you don’t have to do this, Evva.  You’re not looking so good, maybe we should head back.

Princess Evva: It will only take a few more minutes, then we can go back, alright?  I just wanted to show you all this… before things… change.  Which way from here, Jack?

Jack looks around, momentarily confused, but then he notices a fallen branch that he used to use as a waypoint, and remembers which way to go.

Jack: It’s this way, to the right, and just over this hill.

Jack, Evva, Red, Yellow, and Hank climb the little hill.  When they reach the top, they are momentarily blinded by the bright morning sun.  When they look down into the little valley, though, what they see leaves them all speechless.

Below them in the meadow, they can see thousands and thousands of flowers of every color imaginable.  The flowers chat and sing in the sunlight, and all of them can walk and run.  The children laugh and play.  A chorus rises above the valley, as the flowers sing in harmony to welcome the dawn.

Jack:  Welcome, my friends, to Rainbow Meadow.

Red looks over at Hank, and sees that Hank’s petals have unfurled and changed to a deep, bright blue.  Hank looks up at Yellow, his eyes wide.

Hank: Mom, can I…

Yellow: Of course you can, sweetie.

Hank and Pepper run down the hill to join the other children, laughing and playing.

Red watches Hank, but his smile slowly starts to turn to a frown, and he seems to wilt a little as he looks down at the ground.

Yellow notices Red’s change in mood, and she wraps her leaves around him.

Yellow:  What’s wrong, Red?

Red: I guess I always knew this day would come, I just wasn’t really ready for it, I guess.

Yellow: Finding Rainbow Meadow?  You weren’t ready for finding Rainbow Meadow?

Red: No, the meadow is amazing!

Yellow: Well then, what’s wrong?

Red: Well, it’s just that… Hank is probably going to find his father down there… somewhere, and then I’m not really sure what place I’ll have… in your life, or in Hank’s life.

Yellow looks shocked for a moment, but then smiles and laughs.

Yellow: Is THAT what you were worried about?!  Oh, Red.  I hope that Hank does find his father down there, and I’m sure that he will.  When he does, I’ll be really happy for Hank -- he can learn more about his family, and their history.  But that’s not going to change ANYTHING about OUR family or the history WE have together.

Red looks up into Yellow’s eyes.

Yellow: That’s right, OUR family, Red.  Red, you’ve been there for Hank for his whole life.  And, you’ve been there for me.  If Hank finds his biological father, that’s not going to change all that history that WE have together, and it’s not going to change how I feel about you.

Red: I didn’t know you felt that way, I always just thought…

Yellow doesn’t let Red finish… instead she grabs Red’s petals, pulling him down to her and kissing him so passionately that Red’s petals glow like they are on fire.

Yellow: Well, now you know.  I love you, Red - and nothing’s ever going to change that.

Princess Evva walks up next the Yellow and holds up a hand.  Yellow gives Evva a high-five and Evva does a little dance.

Evva: Ah yeah, girl!  Declaring your love!  Go Yellow!  Go Yellow!

Yellow laughs, but turns back to Red, who is still recovering from Yellow’s kiss.

Red:  I love you and Hank both very much, Yellow.  I’m sorry if I never told you before.

Yellow: You can make up for it by telling me every day for the rest of our lives when you wake up by my side.  Deal?

Red: Deal.

Evva and Jack break into spontaneous applause, and Evva starts whistling and cheering.  Red and Yellow both blush.

Yellow: Thank you for bringing us here, Evva.  We really should be getting back to the hive, now, though… I mean, we don’t know… I mean, um, how much time…

Evva looks intently at Yellow, and smiles.

Evva: Oh sweetie, I shouldn’t keep secrets from you.  Remind me in the future to never keep secrets from you, it hurts too much.

Yellow nods, and agrees, but still looks worried.

Evva: I get a new body!

Yellow: What?

Evva: When I eat the royal jelly, I go through a metamorphosis that gives me a while new body.  It also heals all my wounds.  I’m going to eat the royal jelly, sweetie.

Yellow is confused and stunned a little, she’s at a loss for words.

Evva: I’m not going to die, Yellow!  You’re stuck with me!  When I eat the royal jelly, I get a new body and all my wounds will be healed - even the loss of my stinger won’t matter.  In fact, I’ll even get a new stinger.  It will be a slightly different me, though -- I’ll be all big and pregnant all the time.  I’ll probably be crabby too -- ugh, don’t let me be crabby.  You can’t let me be crabby!  You have to come visit me like ALL THE TIME, okay?!  You too, Red, and Hank, and Pepper -- all of you!

Yellow smiles, finally realizing what Evva is proposing to do.  She leaps forward and wraps her leaves around Evva and tears of joy fall down Yellow’s face.

Yellow:  All the time, I promise.

Evva slowly frees herself from Yellow’s embrace and then looks over to Jack.  She sighs deeply, and holds Jack’s hands.  Jack is a little surprised, but takes Evva’s hands in his own.

Evva: Jack.

Evva takes another deep breath, and is clearly struggling to hold back tears, but she smiles and straightens up.

Evva: Jack.

Jack gets funny look on his face, but continues to hold Princess Evva’s gaze.

Jack: What is it, Milady?

Evva:  Jack, I know we need to get back to the hive soon.  I know that it’s going to take a lot of work to rebuild it, but the egg chamber is still intact, and I would rather rebuild it than start a new hive.

Jack: I understand, Milady.  We should start heading back, then.

Evva: Jack.  There’s something else too.  You know that I’m going to need a companion in my egg chamber -- I mean, all queens do.  But it has to be someone I can trust, and someone who can have a positive influence on future generations.  Our hive needs more scouts, more teachers, more explorers… and more bees that are good at raising flowers.

Jack: Oh, have you chosen someone, then, Miladay?

Evva: Oh yes.

Jack looks puzzled, but then realizes that Evva is holding his hands tightly and looking deeply into his eyes.  Evva can’t hold back any longer and tears start streaming down her face, she wipes them away and smiles, her whole body is trembling.  

Jack understands.

Evva: Yes, I have, indeed.

Jack: Milady!?

Evva: Oh, no!  No more “Milday this, or Milday that,” I’m done with that - that’s rule number one!

Jack: What did you have in mind?

Evva: I always loved, “honey,” that’s very traditional.  Oh no, wait, you can call me “sweetie.”  Yeah, that’s much better, I’ve always liked, “sweetie.”  You can call me “sweetie.”

Jack and Evva embrace and their fluttering wings lifts them both off the ground so they are hovering in a warm embrace.  As they touch back down to the ground, Evva turns to look at Yellow and Red.

Evva: Okay, we really should be getting back now, Jack and I have a hive to rebuild!

Yellow turns toward the meadow.

Yellow:  Hankdinnertime!  It’s time to go!

Hank runs up the hill with Pepper close behind -- they are both covered in grass and mud, but their faces are all smiles.

Yellow: Did you meet anyone new?

Hank and Pepper both start talking at the same time, listing off dozens of names… violet, and green, orange and magenta, turquoise and sapphire.

Hank: Can we come back tomorrow?

Yellow: If you get your homework done, we’ll set up a playdate.

Hank: Mom! I’m too old for “playdates.”

Yellow: Oh, sorry, I mean “hanging out.”  You can come “hang out” with your new friends after you finish your homework.

Hank: Cool!

The whole group starts walking back home, with Jack in the lead.

Red: Say, Jack, I have one more question for you, if you don’t mind.

Jack: Not at all, what’s on your mind?

Red: Well, I noticed that you called Yellow, “daisy.”  What does that mean?

Jack: Oh, well, flowers take names that are their own color - that’s their “given name.” But, we bees are a little more “academic” in how we name different species of flowers -- flowers mean a lot to us, after all.  Yellow’s biological name is Bellis Perennis, or more commonly, the “common daisy.”  I suppose though, the ability to walk calls for a new name.

Red: What’s my biological name?

Jack: Ah, well, you’ll need a new name too - but most people would call you, “Rose.”

Red: Rose!  Wow, what a strong powerful name!  I bet there were Vikings named Rose!

Jack laughs and continues leading the little group back to home.

That night, Princess Evva would take the royal jelly and finally become queen, with Jack by her side.  Over the years, the hive is slowly rebuilt - but this hive is humbler, and simpler, but warm and welcoming.  The war with the sweat bees is quickly resolved with just some simple negotiations, and eventually the sweat bees become great friends of the honeybees.  

Red, Yellow, and Hank return that night to their little flowerbed under the weeping willow tree.  Yellow spends her days working at the hive’s control tower, and Red spends his time writing stories and teaching writing skills to young bees.  Hank and Pepper grow up together, laughing, playing and exploring.  They eventually go to each other’s prom, and talk about where they want to go to college - together.  They all visit Queen Evva in her egg chamber every week.  Yellow brings her news from all around the forest, Red tells her stories from his gaming group, and Hank and Pepper tell her all about school and stories of growing up.

Over the years, the hive continues to search for a way to communicate with the humans, and eventually they make a great discovery.  One bright morning, the human farmer named Hank is feeding chickens when a tiny bee buzzes next to his ear - except the buzzing sounds different for a moment.  

The bee is able to say a single word to the farmer.  That word is “Peace.”


