---------------
Chapter 14
---------------
Hank charges down the staircase and out the door, leaving Yellow and Red to review weather reports, and make flight plans for tomorrow.  He loves watching his mom fly, but he doesn’t like all the planning and journaling that go with it.  Hank finally reaches the base of the tower, and bursts through the front door, leaping through the air and landing on Pepper’s back.   

Pepper and Hank work together smoothly and precisely now.  Hank could easily flip out his base leaves to provide cover for Pepper, or he could use the leaves higher up on his stem as wings, allowing Pepper to glide down smoothly from the tops of tall stones.  Pepper could jump and run without having to worry about Hank falling off - the two work together in perfect sync.

Pepper and Hank reach the western edge of the milkweed pond.  They both leap into the water, splashing and playing.

On the far edge of the pond, Pepper notices an older bee, sitting on a small stone with two of his legs dangling in the water.  The older bee looks over to the children and waves.

Jack:  Hello there, children!

Pepper:  Hi, Jack!  Doesn’t the princess need your help today to prepare for the coronation?

Jack:  Well, some days it’s best to let her “fly on her own.”  The princess has dozens of attendants helping her get ready for the coronation ceremony.  She’s got all kinds of new ideas for how she wants everything done, and I’m afraid I’m still a little too attached to the old ways of doing things.

Pepper and Hank swim over to Jack.  Pepper floats on her back effortlessly, and Hank curls up on Pepper’s stomach.

Pepper:  I like your old ways of doing things, Jack -- they’re neat!  It makes me feel like I’m a princess too!

Jack:  That’s very sweet of you to say, little one.  The princess tries to keep the old traditions alive, but our hive is changing rapidly -- so, we need to embrace that change too.  I’m afraid with me at the palace tonight, I might just be embracing the old ways a little too much.  I thought it was best for me to “let go” a bit, and give the princess some space to try new things.  And talking about new things, just look at you two!

Pepper and Hank glance at each other, obviously confused.

Jack:  I must say, I never thought I’d see the day when plants could walk and mammals could talk -- but now that I’m seeing it, it is truly miraculous!  You two are both miracles, I hope you know.

Hank:  Wait, there was a time when mammals couldn’t talk?

Jack:  Oh, yes, long ago when I was a young bee.  That was very, very long ago.  Back then, insects only talked to other insects, birds to birds, mammals to mammals, and so on.  We couldn’t even understand the rudimentary language of the humans!  And now look at us, I’m buzzing, Pepper here is squeaking, and we all understand each other with crystal clarity.  You children take interspecies communication for granted, but it’s truly one of our greatest innovations.  Now, if we could just get the humans to understand us… but, that may take several more generations, I’m afraid.

Pepper:  Princess Evva said you were from the Yellowjacket clan.  What’s that?

Jack:  Oh, well, the Yellowjacket clan has assisted the matriarchy of our hive for generations.  We are stewards, and knights… advisors, and doctors.  We have always done whatever needs doing - taking on whatever role that is needed at the time.

Hank:  Knights?  Really?!  Wow!

Jack:  Wow, indeed.  Long ago, our hive had scouts as well, and the Yellowjackets were some of the best scouts that ever flew.  But now, I’m afraid I’m the last scout of our generation -- which hurts the whole hive.

Pepper:  Hurt the whole hive?  How does it hurt the whole hive?

Jack:  You see, if a hive is always traveling the same routes, then the bees in it aren’t learning anything new.  I think that is why our Princess is always sending out search parties to bring new things into the hive -- like you two.  You were brought to the hive because, deep down, the Princess knows a hive needs to explore and discover -- it’s in our nature.

Hank:  Well, why don’t you just start sending out scouts again?

Jack:  Oh, well, it’s not that simple.  Bees are born into their roles, mostly, and I’m afraid that our last queen, Princess Evva’s mother, only gave birth to soldiers -- no one knows why.  The queen bee is supposed to instinctively know what the hive needs, but year after year our Queen only gave birth to soldiers.  To this day, it is still a mystery why.  

Pepper:  Who took care of the eggs, then?

Jack:  Without new workers to replace them, all of the worker bees and nursery bees, and scout bees, and all the other types of bees all had to keep working into their old age -- including royal advisors to the Princess... like me.  Being a scout is a dangerous line of work, and it wasn’t long before there simply weren’t any scouts left.  We tried re-training all the soldiers to work in different roles, but it was extremely difficult for them, and the hive suffered because of it.  To this day, we are still trying to make our hive as diverse as possible -- at least, that’s what the Princess is trying to do.

Hank:  That’s so sad.  Is there anything we can do to help?

Jack:  Oh, you have done plenty already!  Just the other day, I looked into a preschool classroom and saw a little girl drawing pictures of flowers.  But these flowers were running and jumping.  There is nothing better for children than a sense of awe and wonder.  Just by staying with us for awhile at the palace, you have done more good than you realize.  Not to mention, I think the Princess has all kinds of crazy ideas running around her head now, and for that I am truly thankful.

Pepper:  Well, I’m thankful for warm Summer days so I can cool off with a swim!

Pepper splashes Hank, drenching his petals that had just started to dry.  Hank responds by folding his leaves into the shape of an enormous bucket, scooping it full of water, and pouring it right on Pepper’s face.

Hank: And I’m thankful for cool Summer friends that don’t mind a little splashing around!

The children continue splashing each other and Jack hovers up above the fray, chuckling.

Jack: But, tell me, son, what was your name again?

Hank:  It’s Hank.

Jack:  Oh, Hank is it?  You DO know that “Hank” isn’t the name of a color, don’t you?  Most flowers are named after their color, I thought.

Pepper:  I thought “Hank” was his color name.  Isn’t “hank” the name of a color?  Red is red.  Yellow is yellow, and Hank is hank.

Jack can’t help but to chuckle.  He flies over to stand next to Hank, standing on Pepper’s broad stomach.

Jack:  Little one, if there is one things bees know… it’s flowers.  Our hive has visited millions of flowers in our time, and we know every species and every color of every flower in this county.  Your mother tells me that she heard your name “drifting on the wind,” one day.  Did you know that the male-farmer-human is also named “Hank?”

Hank:  Really?  But he doesn’t look hank at all.  He looks more yellow-pink.

Jack:  Tell me, child, is “Hank” a short name for something else?

Hank:  Well, yeah, my full color name is “Hankdinnertime,” but everyone just calls me Hank.

Jack:  Little one, your color name is… blue.

Hank:  Bllllooooo?  That’s my real color name?  Really?!

Pepper:  Blue?  Nah, can’t see it.  I like “Hank” better.

Jack:  You were born a blue flower in a flower patch of only yellow and red flowers, it’s no wonder your mother had no idea what your color name was.  But, just in case you ever thought it was important, your real color name... is blue.  I thought it was important that you should know.

Hank:  Blue.  It sounds so peaceful.

Jack:  Indeed.  Oh, and there is something else I can tell you.  I once knew the way to an enormous valley that we used to call Rainbow Meadow.  It was home to every kind of flower imaginable.  Our hive used to visit this valley when I was young.  I met many blue flowers in my time that were just like you, and do you want to know something else about being a blue flower?

Hank:  What?  What?!

Jack:  You are what we call an “early bloomer,” you bloom early in the morning, right at sunrise.  Your petals are curled up because they only uncurl for the dawn’s light.

Pepper:  I think you may have the wrong flower… Hank is lucky if he’s awake by lunchtime!

Pepper and Hank begin splashing each other again, and Jack hovers again above the fray.

Hank:  So where is this Rainbow Meadow?  Can you show us where it is?

Jack: Well, now, I’ll have to ask your mother about that one.  That’s a bigger request than you realize, little one.  Also, I’m not sure I exactly remember it -- it’s been a very long time since I was there.

Hank:  Awww!

Jack:  Don’t worry, I’m sure one day you’ll find your way to Rainbow Meadow -- that day will come soon enough.  But for now, I think you two should be heading back to the hive.  The sun will be setting soon.  

Jack does an elaborate bow to the children with all kinds of flourishes and buzzes around them in wild patterns.  He speaks with his most dignified court voice, which makes the children both laugh.

Jack:  It would be my honor, M’lord and M'lady, to escort you back safely.

Pepper:  Oh so chivalrous! 

Pepper and Hank both giggle, but they make their way back to the beach.  
As the sun begins to set, Pepper is racing back through the underbrush toward the hive with Hank coiled around her waist and Jack hovering just above, guarding their way home.

