---------------
Chapter 15
---------------
Princess Evva is pacing nervously.  This is the big night -- her coronation, time for her to eat the royal jelly and start her metamorphosis into a queen.  Dignitaries from other hives and other lands have come to witness her ascension to queen.  She stumbles, almost knocking over a small dessert table.

Princess Evva:  Your devious machinations stop right here, right now, Mr.  Dessert Table - I won’t fall for your tricks again!  Oh! Where is Jack? He’s been gone all afternoon.

As if by magic, Jack just then appears flying through the North portal into the hive.  He lands and greets several dignitaries from remote hives.  He is hugged and his hands are shaken, he is bowed to and introduced.  Jack navigates the pleasantries with all the skill and precision of a master host of ceremonies, and is able to navigate through the crowd in just a few minutes.  Soon he is backstage with the princess.

Princess Evva: Jack, where have you been?!  I was worried sick about you!

Princess Evva rushes over to Jack and grabs him tightly, her wings begin to beat involuntarily and soon they are both hovering.  Jack gently frees himself of Evva’s grasp and smiles.

Jack: I must apologize, Milady, all the preparations for this evening left me a bit overheated, so I went down to cool off by the edge of the pond.

Evva: Oh! I couldn’t remember how to set up the candelabras, so I tried something new… and the worker bees couldn’t figure out how to tie the sashes properly, so I improvised.  

Jack peeks out from behind the stage curtain, and sees that the banquet hall has been adorned with a mish-mash of accoutrements and decorations, each having been commandeered to serve functions they were never meant to serve.  Candelabras were upside-down holding a single large candle with their base.  Curtain sashes were tied with serving spoons into elaborate knots.  The children had been seated front-and-center at the head table while heads-of-state were sitting at the children’s table and given colorful balloons to hold.

Jack:  It’s lovely my dear!

Evva:  I just hope I remember my speech, I’m so nervous!

Jack:  Take my advice, my dear, and don’t try to remember your speech.

Evva:  What do you mean?

Jack: Just speak from the heart, it’s what you do best.  You’ll do fine.

Evva gives Jack one more hug and walks onto stage.  

As soon as Princess Evva appears, the crowd bursts into wild applause.  Evva takes her place behind a small, modest podium and smiles, bowing to her guests. She notices that Red, Yellow, and Hank are sitting in the front row, and she smiles and waves to them.

Evva:  Thank you everyone, thank you.

The crowd settles down and the hall becomes silent and still.

Evva:  Well, I had an elaborate speech prepared for this moment.  In fact, if you think about it, you might say I’ve been preparing for this moment my whole life.  But, I’m taking this opportunity instead to thank you all.  It’s been a difficult life, for all of us, with me in-charge.  I would have never asked any of you, or your clans, to keep working into your old age.  I would have never asked our new forest allies to help protect us and keep all of our hives safe.  And I would have never asked any of you to take on roles and responsibilities that you and I were never prepared for.

Evva: But I didn’t have to ask.  You did it anyways.  

Evva: You saw that I was in way over my head, and you did everything you could to help me.  And together, somehow, we made it.  You stand here, applauding me now - but it’s really all of you who deserve that applause.  

Evva: I simply followed my heart, and did what I thought was right.  But each of you… you did what you thought was crazy.  All my crazy ideas over the years… but you trusted me.  And you tried.  And we made it work.  Together.

Princess Evva walks over to a small stand that has been brought on-stage.  On the top of the stand is a small crystal bowl with a single drop of yellow royal jelly inside.  The princess looks down at the jelly and sighs deeply.  The weight of what she is about to do seems to press down on her, but she stands tall and takes a deep breath.

Jack brings over a yellowed scroll of vellum and Princess Evva begins reading from it, her voice starting to shake as she recites the words.

Evva:  I accept my mother’s wishes that I become your new queen.  I accept your wishes, that as queen, I will become the mother of a new generation.  And I accept, with this new generation, I will do everything in my power to protect this hive and its allies, and one day choose a new queen to take my place when I am no longer able to do so.

The crowd explodes into thunderous applause.  Evva is somewhat startled by the sudden outpouring of emotion, but stands tall and bows to the crowd.  She is about to reach into the crystal bowl, but the applause continues.

The crowd looks around, searching for the source of the applause.  Everyone looks, confused as none of them are applauding anymore, but the sound continues - and gets louder.

Small sections of the honeycomb ceiling begin to fall on the crowd, and people begin to scatter about, running into each other to avoid the debris.

Red wraps Yellow and Hank in his enormous leaves, protecting them and moving them closer to the stage. 

Evva directs the crowd, her voice rising above the noise, which now sounds like the buzzing of a million bees.

Evva:  TO THE WALLS!  EVERYONE MOVE TO THE WALLS AND MOVE AROUND THE EDGE TO THE DOORS!

The crowd clears away from the middle of the chamber as debris continues to fall there.  They start filing, single-file out through the exits.  Red, Yellow and Hank jump up to the stage to join Evva and Red shelters them all from falling debris.

But suddenly, the entire chamber ceiling collapses.  The hexagon-shaped chandelier, its lights like glowing drops of golden honey, crashes to the floor and explodes into flame.  The guests are screaming and running now, and start rushing the doors, immediately making the exits impassable.

Suddenly, dozens of metallic bee heads look down through the breach in the ceiling.  The metal drone bees descend into the hall causing renewed screams and waves of panic.  Some of them land directly into the flaming remains of the chandelier, but they seem impervious to the flames and ignore it.

The drones form a circle directly under the breach.  Facing the crowd, they brandish wicked barbed staffs that crackle with electricity.  Each drone is horribly disfigured with jagged edges and missing parts, which somehow makes them all that more terrifying.

An enormous metal snakes slowly slithers down through the breach, taking a position in the middle of the drones.  She looks around and then Anne opens her mouth, revealing General Gill, sitting in a makeshift control chair built into Anne’s lower jaw.  General Gill stands up as Anne  slowly lowers her head so that it is level with the stage.  He walks onto the stage, grabs the crystal bowl of yellow royal jelly and flings it into the fire.  It bursts into flames, as the jelly is instantly consumed.  General Gill turns toward Princess Evva with a satisfied look on his face.

The palace guards have started fighting with the drones, but they are quickly overwhelmed by the speed and strength of the general’s mechanical monsters.  

General Gill: Oh, I am so sorry, your highness, that dish wouldn’t be to your liking.  I have a different meal here that I prepared just for you.

Princess Evva is furious, she stands out from under Red’s leaves and charges Gill, but is stopped by a drone that has flown up to protect Gill, moving so fast that it almost can’t be seen.  The metal drone holds the princess helpless.  Yellow, Red, and Hank are each restrained as well, each being held by a different drone.  More drones continue to flood in through the breach in the ceiling, and have now corralled the ceremony guests into the middle of the hall.

Yellow and Red struggle to break free, and Hank is too scared to move.  He is clenching his eyes tight and shaking.

General Gill:  Your highness, let me tell you what I accept.  I accept that I should have taken control of this hive a long time ago.

Evva:  GILL, YOU TRAITOR!  YOU’LL NEVER LEAD THIS HIVE!

General Gill laughs and motions to a group of drones standing under the breach.  The drones fly up as rotating saws fold out from the ends of their legs.  They circle around the outer wall of the palace, slicing enormous gashes into the walls, causing the hive walls to begin collapsing in on themselves.  Golden balconies crumble, majestic staircases collapse, pillars and suspended walkways crash down.  In a matter of seconds the hive is little more than a pile of flaming debris.  The base of the hive is now completely exposed to the cold night sky.  The guests are screaming and crying at the destruction they have just witnessed.

General Gill:  Why would I want this pile of rubble?

Evva:  YOU JUST DESTROYED THE WORK OF A HUNDRED GENERATIONS!

Evva looks at the enormous pile of rubble that was once her palace.  She sees a section of a column that she helped carve and decorate when she was little, now burning in flames.  The realization of what her people has just lost overwhelms her and she bursts into tears.

Evva:  You… you have destroyed our heritage, our history, everything we have.

General Gill:  And what a heritage it was!  Groveling and negotiating with inferior creatures - we should have been conquering them!  If you are not born of the hive, you are an enemy of the hive!  That was the rule we lived under and that will be the rule we live under again!

Evva:  You have condemned us all to death!  Without a hive, we will all freeze to death when winter comes.

General Gill:  Oh, I don’t think so, princess.  You’ll still get to be queen - but you will be MY QUEEN!

General Gill takes out the red jelly from his sash and hold it before her.  Princess Evva immediately recognizes it and fights to get away from it, but the drone holding her won’t let her move an inch.

Evva:  I know what that is!  That’s the red jelly.  The Jelly of War.  Keep that away from me!  I’m not eating that!

General Gill: Oh, but I think you will.

General Gill looks around the room and points to one specific drone, motioning for it to come up on the stage next to him.  The drone responds and is instantly standing by Gill’s side.  Gill unlocks some latches on the drone’s chest and the chest opens, steaming and hissing.  Inside is an older-looking bee, covered in wires and odd machinery.  The bee’s eyes twitch and look around with a feral glow.  Evva immediately recognizes the older bee as the mayor of South Branch, Mayor Hubert.

Evva:  Mayor Hubert!  What have you done to him?!  Let him go.

Gill:  Oh, I’m afraid that the merger is irreversible.  If I were to separate them, the mayor would die a rather painful death.  But, since it is your wish for him to be free…

General Gill takes the staff out of the drone’s hand and plunges it into the mayor’s chest.  The mayor and the drone collapse together.

Evva:  NOOO!  YOU FIEND! 

Evva strains against the drone that is holding her, but it holds her in place.

General Gill:  I have given the people of South Branch a bright, new future.  Isn’t that what you wanted, princess - a bright, new future for everyone?  You see, I grew weary of using remotes to control my drones.  I found this merger works much better.  It was challenging to bypass the free will of the people, but I managed with my assistant here.  

Anne slithers up to Gill’s side and hisses loudly.  In her chest, Professor Thorn’s eyes can still be seen, glowing.

General Gill:  If you don’t eat the red jelly, I will kill the people of South Branch, one at a time.  And then, if I have to, I will create new drones from your distinguished guests here.  And then, they too will be “freed,” one at a time.

Princess Evva is crying and shaking, overcome with grief.  She looks at her guests who are now huddled together in the middle of the hall, wicked barbed drone staffs still being held at their necks.  She looks at the flaming rubble that was once her home.  She looks at Mayor Hubert.  They were going to meet next week to talk about new construction works in South Branch.  She would never again hear his hearty laughter.

Princess Evva realizes she is beaten.  As she sighs, wiping away her tears, and she seems to shrink to half her size.

Evva:  Alright, Gill.  You have won.  But you are a  fool - all your “subjects” will be dead as soon as winter arrives.

General Gill:  Oh, I don’t think so, princess.  I am going to make sure they survive long enough to make drones out of them too.  General Gill motions toward the South and Princess Evva can see an enormous tower now on the horizon, rising from the remains of the pickup engine it was built from.  The moon has just risen and she can see the moonlight reflected off the tower’s rusty, metal surface.

Evva (now horrified): What is that?

General Gill: THAT is your new home, your new hive!  From there you will give birth to a new generation of soldiers, and I will enhance and augment each one into unstoppable machines of war!

General Gill calls up two more drones, unclasps the latches on their armor, and reveal a frail elderly female bee in one and a young male bee in the other.

General Gill:  Now princess, take the royal jelly and take your place as queen by my side!  If you don’t, then these two will be the next ones to be “freed.”

Princess Evva takes the vile of red jelly and opens the top.  She looks over at Yellow.  Yellow suddenly gets a funny look on her face and winks to the queen.  Princess Evva takes a step forward, but stumbles.

The vile tumbles through the air toward Yellow.  Yellow strains against her captor, and stretches up until she can just barely reach the vile and catches it in her mouth.  Yellow immediately flips her head up and drinks the red jelly down in one gulp.

Yellow: Wow!  Now that’s what I call sweet!  Ooh, bad after-taste though.  

Evva:  Oops, I’m such a klutz!

Yellow:  Oooh, does this mean I’m going to be queen now?

Evva: Sorry, sweetie, it only works on bees.

Yellow:  You may address me as, “your highness.”

Yellow lets out a tremendous belch that makes her petals shake.

General Gill flies into a rage!  He grabs Yellow and looks down her throat, Red flips out thorns from his stem and swings his lower stem up like a whip, cracking it against Gill’s wings.  Gill releases Yellow and lets out a fierce howl of pure anger and rage!  He hovers over to the princess and grabs her by the neck, staring into her eyes.

General Gill:  IT DOES NOT MATTER!

Gill regains his composure, but every word he speaks is filled with rage and contempt.

General Gill:  It does not matter.  I can make more of the red jelly.  I can make enough red jelly for a hundred generations!  Bring them!  Bring them all!

General Gill laughs a terrible, wicked laugh.  He flies up into the night sky, followed closely by the drones carrying the princess, Red, Yellow, Hank, Jack, and all the court guests.  Dozens more drones follow them, flying in perfect formation.  Their eyes glow brightly in the dark, tiny pinpoints of red light flying directly toward the enormous metal hive.

