---------------
Chapter 18
---------------
Outside the burning steel hive, the light rain that has been falling all day has turned into a downpour.  Lightning courses across the sky, and the ground under the junked old truck is now an enormous field of mud.  The tiny stream that normally lazily flows out of the milkweed pond toward South Branch is now a raging river.

Evva:  You’re beaten Gill!  You have no drones now, and no workshop to make more!  The other hives will be here soon - you don’t stand a chance against thousands of bees!  Give yourself up!

General Gill is furious, but he taps on the paw of the mongoose and the claws begin to clench his captives tighter and tighter.

Gill:  Beaten you say?  Not from my point of view.

Gill taps Sergeant Fang’s paw again, and the sergeant tightens his claws even more.  Yellow and Princess Evva scream and struggle against the grip that is slowly crushing them.  Gill turns around and looks up into the night sky, as if searching for something.

Gill:  You know, there was a time when I was still trying to fight for the survival of our hive, princess.  I really believed that if I could simply build a better soldier, we could end this war, and our hive would naturally return to its traditional ways.  We would protect our borders again.  We would stop making all these alliances with inferior creatures.  We would be the rulers again just as nature intended.  

Gill turns around again to face the princess and moves in closer.  Evva and Yellow are close to passing out.

Gill:  But then I realized something, princess.  I realized that it wouldn’t matter what I did.  I realized that you were choosing this path for our hive not because you had to, but because you actually wanted to.  That’s when I realized that the biggest threat to our hive and its way of life wasn’t the mammals or the reptiles, or any of the other cute little forest creatures you kept finding.  I realized that the biggest threat to our hive… was you.

Gill:  I realized that even if you raised another whole generation of soldiers, that you would continue infecting them with your ideas of peace   I knew then that I could never allow you to become queen.  I had to save our hive and our traditional way of life.  

Gill:  You may have destroyed this hive, but I can just start again somewhere else.  One of my drones has recently found a whole junkyard full of hundreds of human cars and trucks just like this one.  Just imagine, princess -- hundreds of steel hives with millions and millions of drones.  

Gill:  Training soldiers for all this time, I can tell you that you can take a LOT of things away from a bee - his dignity, his pride, his arrogance.  Why, you can even take away a bee’s fear, and remorse, and even take away his ability to judge right from wrong.  But one thing you can never take away, and that’s his knowledge!  As long as I know how to build my drone factories, I can never really be defeated.

Gill taps the mongoose’s paw one more time, and it continues to squeeze tighter and tighter…

Gill:  Goodbye princess, your services… will... no longer be needed.

Suddenly Sergeant Fang pulls back its paw in pain, and it howls with rage.  Princess Evva’s stinger is embedded deep in the mongoose’s paw, the stinger continues to pump searing venom into the wound.  Princess Evva and Yellow collapse to the ground.  General Gill spins around and, seeing the stinger, just laughs.

Gill:  A valiant attempt, princess, but you have only saved me the trouble of killing you myself.  Now that you have used your stinger, you’ll die in a matter of days.

Gill flies back up to stand on the Sergeant Fang’s head, still laughing.  Yellow rolls on the ground so that she can see Evva.

Yellow:  Why?  Why Evva?  Why?

Evva:  So it would let you go.

Yellow:  But now you’re going to die.

Evva:  But now you’ll live.  And I’ll die fighting.

Evva and Yellow both cough.  They are too weak to get up.  General Gill continues laughing but is suddenly tumbling through the air and hits the ground with a hard thud.

Behind Sergeant Fang, a giant mechanical snake is recoiling from its strike.  Inside its chest can be seen a pair of old, worried eyes.

Gill:  Thorn!  I’ll destroy you once and for all!

Sergeant Fang has flipped around on Anne and has the metallic snake’s head in its mouth.  Anne has wrapped itself around the mongoose’s neck and is trying to strangle it.  Inside Anne’s chest, Professor Thorn’s voice can be heard.

Professor Thorn:  While Anne slept, I was able to slowly disconnect the control circuits.  Princess Evva and this little brave daisy shorted out the last of them.  When I woke up, Anne and I were free of your control.

General Gill takes a small control box out of his sash and tries to bring Anne back under his control, but nothing works.  Gill smashes the control box to the ground in frustration.

Professor Thorn:  I can never be free of Anne now, Gill.  But at least, I can be free of you.

Sergeant Fang and Anne continue to struggle, and their fight takes them to a stony precipice over the raging stream.  They are both teetering on the edge in their struggle.

A small blur of orange and grey leaps from the bushes, knocking the mongoose back even closer to the edge.  A tiny blue flower is wrapped around the mouse’s waist, and a tall red flower is holding on to the mouse’s back, trying to just hold on.  An older bee, holding a drone’s staff, is flying behind them.  Red jumps off the mouse’s back and rushes over to Yellow.  Jack flies down to Princess Evva and lifts her off the ground.  He immediately sees that Princess Evva has used her stinger, and they both look at each other for a moment, speechless.  Jack is at a loss for words.

Hank:  Charge!

Pepper:  Hank!  That’s a snake!

Hank:  Yeah, so?

Pepper:  I should have told you that mice have a thing about snakes!

Hank:  What thing?

Pepper:  Paralyzing mortal terror!

Hank gives Pepper a light squeeze around her waist and talks softly in her ear.

Hank:  We can do it together, Pepper.

Pepper charges into the fray between Sergeant Fang and Anne, scratching and swiping with tiny paws, biting and kicking.

Yellow see the battle slowly inching toward the precipice.  She whispers to Jack.

Yellow:  Not the snake, Jack.  The snake is on our side, I think.  Not the snake.

Jack flies up like a shot, his wings buzzing louder than the crackling of the lighting staff he holds.  He darts into the battle, stinging the mongoose in the tail.  Sergeant Fang lets out a tremendous howl.  

Jack:  Henry!  Pepper!  Not the snake!  The snake is fighting for us now!

Professor Thorn’s eyes can be seen through the small opening in Anne’s chest.  He closes his eyes to concentrate and Anne’s eyes flicker rapidly.  Suddenly, Anne’s tail wraps around the tip of the rock outcropping, and Anne begins to pull.  Slowly, she is pulling Sergeant Fang closer and closer to the edge.  Sergeant Fang digs his claws into the ground, struggling against the metallic serpent that is pulling them both ever closer to their doom.

Hank:  The paws Jack!  Get the paws!

Pepper dodges between the mongoose’s legs and bites one paw after the other.  Jack strikes the paws again and again with the drone staff.  With each strike, Sergeant Fang recoils in pain and loses a little ground.  The mongoose tries to swipe at the bee and mouse, but quickly realizes that each attack just causes more and more ground to be lost.

General Gill has flown up from the head of the mongoose, and now starts battling with his own drone staff.  Jack and Gill square off and begin battling furiously as Anne continues pulling Sergeant Fang closer and closer to the edge of the precipice.

Gill:  You old fool!  Do you think your frail old frame is any match for me?!

Jack: I’m more than a match for you, Gill.

Jack and Gill continue to battle, their aerial combat is fast and ferocious.  Gill can see that Jack has him at a standoff.

Gill: I will be the supreme ruler of this entire region!  Join me and you can be a soldier again, leading my armies to glorious victory!

Jack:  I will never join you, Gill.  Never!

Anne and Professor Thorn continue straining against the Sergeant Fang - but they are at a standoff.

Gill and Jack continue their fight - Gill has started shooting lightning bolts from his staff, but the bolts fly wild, hitting the ground by Red and Yellow.  Hank sees that he and Pepper are at a standoff as well.  He whispers to Pepper.

Hank:  Jump up to the head!  I have an idea!

Pepper: I don’t want to be anywhere near that mouth!

Hank:  Get behind the head then - run up its back.  It can’t attack you, or it will get pulled into the river.

Pepper nimbly jumps up to Sergeant Fang’s back leg, bouncing off his knee, and lands on his back.  She charges up the mongoose’s back and reaches the neck.

Pepper:  Now what?!

Hank:  Now this!

Hank wraps his leaves around the fur at the scruff of the neck, and pulls with all his might.  Pepper sees what he is doing and bites down on the scruff of the neck hard.  

Suddenly Sergeant Fang’s body immediately goes limp and Anne tosses him over the edge into the river, but at the last instant, Sergeant Fang is able to grab the head of the metallic snake and yank Anne off the stony precipice.

Snake and mongoose both fall into the river and are rushed away by the current, still entangled with each other.  Anne’s weight sinks them both to the bottom, out of sight.

Gill and Jack both watch as snake and mongoose fall into the river, too stunned by what they are seeing to continue their battle.  Gill is suddenly enraged, he turns on Jack with both hands on his drone staff, and he strikes Jack with a furious swing, knocking Jack to the ground.

Gill: With my drones I will make an army that never ends!  Don’t you see?!  They obey orders without question, without remorse, and without hesitation!  No bee will ever have to risk their life in combat ever again - my drones will do the fighting instead!

Gill holds his staff, its tip crackling with electricity, over Jack’s head.

Gill: I give the order, and my enemies die.  Do you understand now?!  Do you know what that makes me?!

Jack reaches for his staff, but Gill releases a bolt of lightning that strikes Jack’s hand.  Jack recoils in pain.

Jack:  No.  What does that make you?

Gill:  It makes me a god!

Suddenly an enormous wave from the river erupts over the precipice.  Anne jumps out of the wave, her tail thrashing so fast that it can barely be seen.  Professor Thorn’s eyes can still be seen - they look sad, but determined.  Anne rears up at the top of the wave and strikes, grabbing General Gill in her mouth.

Professor Thorn:  No, Gill.  That makes you the devil.

Gill swings his staff around and squeezes as hard as he can.  Anne’s body shakes violently from the full force of the full charge of the drone staff.  Anne is completely shorted out, and with no power, her jaw locks shut around General Gill like a cage.  Anne’s eyes dim.  Her body collapses, and she tumbles back into the river head-first, taking General Gill and Professor Thorn with her.

Pepper scoops up Hank, and starts running down the length of Anne’s body as she falls.  Pepper reaches the tail and leaps with all her strength.  At the top of her jump, Hank unfolds his leaves like a glider and the two sail back to the edge of the tiny rock outcropping -- but they are too far out and are going to miss the edge.

Red sees they are going to miss and rushes over to the edge, wrapping his roots around a fist-sized stone, and then, standing on the very edge of the precipice, he falls forward over the edge.  Pepper sees what Red is doing and reaches out with a tiny paw.

Pepper grabs Red’s stem and Hank folds in his leaves.  Pepper swings her weight forward, making a huge arc with Red’s body, swinging them both back up to the top of the tiny outcropping… and to safety.  Red straightens up and is standing again at the top of the precipice.  Red looks down into the river and sees Anne’s body hit the water.

Anne’s metal body instantly sinks to the bottom of the river, and is once again carried away by the raging current.

Jack and Evva hold each other, to keep each other from falling over.  Red and Yellow embrace, holding Hank between them.  Hank begins to cry, but Yellow wipes away his tears.  Pepper comes over and lifts up all three flowers in an enormous furry hug.

The rain finally ends, and the sun begins to rise on a new day for this tiny, murky milkweed pond.
