---------------
Chapter 4
---------------
A broken-down old pickup truck, tires long-ago removed and missing more parts than it still has intact, seems to guard the entryway to South Branch.  Oil leaking from its engine has stained the grounds around it black, including the little sand patch where bees furiously battle in the daylight.  Distant lightning strikes briefly illuminate the area, and jagged shadows seem to form into every manner of monstrosity imaginable, but just as quickly fade away. 

General Gill easily navigates the flight path to South Branch, the wind and the darkness prove to be no match to his innate sense of direction and intense military training.  He lands on the top of a compost pile, and looks down a tunnel that is going to be a tight squeeze for a bee of his size.  He carefully starts his way down the winding tunnel.

Every ten paces down the tunnel, a red gem has been socketed into the wall.  As Gill approaches each gem, it lights up with a gentle flickering that bathes the pathway in an ominous red glow.  At last, he arrives at an enormous door that has been fashioned from a tin can lid.  The door swings open as he approaches and closes heavily behind him.

Gill has entered some kind of workshop laboratory. A frail older bee is standing in front of a table at the other end of the room, mixing bubbling liquids and powders, his back is turned toward the door.

Gill: You should not work with your back to the door, you old fool.

Professor Thorn: And you should always check behind you when entering a room.

Gill looks behind him, and sees two mechanical snakes hanging down from above the doorway.  Their eyes have tiny flames inside them, hinting at a feral intelligence.  Their fangs are dripping with a steaming green liquid and both are poised directly above Gill’s shoulders, ready to strike.

Gill backs away from the snakes, moving closer to Thorn.  The snakes follow him.

Thorn: Oh, don’t you like the twin sisters?  They seem to have taken a liking to you!  On your left is Susan.  Susan is a little temperamental, but very focused when working.  And on your right is Anne.  Anne is not as fast as Susan, but she is loyal and resourceful.  Quite impressive, don’t you think?

The mechanical snakes have started wrapping themselves around Gill, and despite Gill’s attempts to get free, they quickly have him completely immobilized.  Their fangs hover within striking distance of his head.  Thorn chuckles, obviously very pleased.

Thorn: You palace bees are always so focused on efficiency.  You fail to see the bigger picture.  Your stinger, I see, is sharpened to a fine point.  Your  body is healthy and strong.  You are one of the finest specimens of your hive - the very pinnacle of a lifetime focused on power and efficiency.  And, yet, I have you completely at my mercy using tools that I constructed from scraps that were just lying around.

Gill: Get these things go off me, Thorn!  I… can’t… breathe!

Thorn snaps his fingers and motions for the snakes to withdraw.  They obey his every command, and return to their hiding places above the doorway.  Gill is on the floor trying to catch the breath that was being squeezed out of him.

Gill: Did you find the scrolls?

Thorn: Yes, they were exactly where you said they would be.  The translation from the ancient Yellowjacket language proved… time consuming.  Fortunately, the heat from this compost pile kept me warm all winter.  But instead of dancing all winter, like you palace bees do, I spent my winter researching, experimenting, and... testing.

Gill: Testing?  How?

Thorn: Some of your soldiers were a little too curious about the tunnel in this compost pile.  They walked right through my front door, and do you know what that made them?

Gill (somewhat uneasy now) What?

Thorn: It made them invaders in my domain!

Thorn kicks back a rug on the floor and reveals a honeycomb lattice.

Gill: A hive?  You’re building a new hive?  You can’t be serious!

Thorn: I have never been more serious.

Gill: But this is right in the middle of the royal gardens and South Branch, both regions would instinctively attack you, drive you off, and destroy whatever portion of a hive you complete!

Thorn: They already tried.  I am afraid they were no match for the twins.  And, because they violated my domain, they paid the ultimate price.

Gill: i only wanted you to recreate the red jelly - you have gone too far.

Thorn’s “children” slither back out of their alcoves and menacingly flank Gill on either side, rearing up, getting ready to strike.

Thorn: I had to follow the data, General.  Science is about following the data, wherever it leads.

Thorn takes a small flask out of his coat, and throws it at Gill.  Gill catches it, while backing away toward the door, the twin sister snakes getting ever-closer.

Thorn: There is your red jelly, General.  One drop of this, and your princess will begin her metamorphosis into a queen bee.  But unlike regular royal jelly, the red jelly will interfere with her ability to communicate or think clearly.  The world will become fuzzy and distant, like a fading dream.  Her eggs will be unaffected, though, they will be healthy, strong, and plentiful.  But they will all be soldiers.  Every single one.

Gill: Then you’ve done it! You have brought the red jelly back into our world!

Thorn:  Well, that is what my testing would suggest, I am unsure of what the side effects will be.

Gill: Those are risks we will just have to take to win this war!

Thorn bursts out into a horrible, cackling laugh.  Gill is confused as to what he is laughing about.

Thorn: “We,” you say? And what risks, exactly are you taking, General?  Your soldiers, and your very princess are shouldering all of your burdens.  They shoulder burdens that you make even heavier by using a potentially lethal jelly on your princess just so you can seize power.

Thorn and his children have continued pushing Gill back until his back is against the door.

Thorn: At least I follow the laws of the scientific method.  But you, you follow no laws at all, General, and you shoulder none of the responsibilities.  You disgust me.

Thorn motions to the twin snakes.  Anne and Susan clamp their jaws around Gill’s legs.  They drag him, screaming, up the long winding tunnel, and throw him down the side of the compost heap where he lands in the mud.  

General Gill gets up, and pulls the tiny flask from his sash.  A distant lightning strike illuminates the red jelly inside the flask and Gill begins to laugh.  He gets up, and flies back toward the palace, the rain falling heavily on his back.

