---------------
Chapter 13
---------------
Professor Thorn wakes up in familiar surroundings.  He is pleased when he sees that he is somehow back in his lab, resting on his operating table.  Perhaps he fell asleep, he thinks -- maybe he was just working too hard and had terrible nightmares about a mongoose and a farm truck.

His initial relief quickly reverts back to a feeling a panic, though, when he realizes he is strapped down to the table.  Just trying to move sends pulses of intense pain up his still-broken leg.

It wasn’t a dream, he realizes, and suddenly all the memories come crashing back on him.  He can only whimper, “oh, Susan.”

General Gill’s sharp, strong voice bellows from the corner of the lab where he has been hard at work.  

General Gill:  Susan, Susan, Susan!  That’s all you’ve been muttering for days!  Finally you wake up, and what’s the first thing you say?  Susan!  If I didn’t need the information in that head of yours, I would have stopped giving you honey days ago -- let nature run its course.  

Professor Thorn looks out through a tiny porthole window in the side of the compost heap that’s currently providing the only light in the dusty old lab.  He realizes it is daytime, about noon judging by the angle of the sun shafts.  He tries again to pull at his restraints, but his broken leg protests with a sudden wave of intense pain.

Gill:  I could have set your leg, but that would have taken time -- precious time that I don’t have in ample supply at the moment.  Besides, leaving your leg broken just makes it practically impossible for you to escape.  Now that’s what I call efficiency.

Thorn:  Gill!  What have you done?!  Why have you captured me like this?!

Gill:  Well, professor, I liked your idea of building your own hive so much, that I took it to its natural conclusion.  

Gill pulls back the rug where Thorn had been hiding the start of a small hive to reveal a hexagonal superstructure made entirely of metal.  

Thorn:  That’s… this… this is impossible!  How could you have built this?!

Gill:  Oh, this is just a little prototype lattice.  I discovered that battery acid mixed with rusty metal and a few other ingredients makes a metallic moldable paste that hardens over time and becomes as strong as steel.  But you knew all this already, didn’t you, professor?

Thorn:  I don’t know what you’re talking…

Gill:  YOU LIE!  I found all of your research notes in Anne’s memory!

Thorn:  Some research isn’t meant to see the light of day…

Gill spins around on Thorn and pulls the red vial from his flask.

Gill:  Like this?!

Thorn:  I thought another generation of soldiers would finally win this war… South Branch has been decimated by it… I just wanted the war with the sweat bees to be over… I was wrong!

Gill:  Oh, but you did, and so here we are again.  Oh, don’t worry, professor.  I have much bigger projects for you to work on.

Gill spins around a large piece of flat driftwood.  On it has been drawn the schematics for a mechanical worker bee.

Gill:  I call this my Drone Project.  You see, I thought why stop at a metal hive, when you can have metal soldiers as well.

Thorn now fully realizes the scope of the General’s ambition and the treachery he has planned.  Thorn is momentarily stunned.

Thorn:  Let me go, Gill, I don’t want any part of this, and you can’t make me help you!

Gill:  Oh, now see, that’s where you’re wrong.  After this little operation I have planned for you, you’ll help me.  You’ll want to help me, in fact.

Thorn:  What operation?  What are you talking about?

Gill presses a number of buttons on his remote control, and Anne comes slithering to his side.

Gill:  Well, you see, your precious Anne here seems to have detailed knowledge of everything you’ve ever done in this lab.  Every gadget, every mixture, every experiment -- all recorded in painstaking detail.  In this amazing, tiny brain is all the information I need.

Thorn:  What do you need me for then?

Gill:  Well, as you know, my good doctor, invention requires a certain amount of creativity… even art, some would say.  Anne has all the information I need, but she is unable to synthesize it in a creative way to achieve my desired results.  You are not willing to give me the information I need, but Anne has no choice in the matter.  On the other hand, Anne is not able to be creative or inventive, but for you, creativity is in your very nature.

Thorn:  You’re not making any sense, Gill - let me go!

Gill begins pulling levers on Thorn’s operating table, and the table slowly rises so that Thorn is upright.  He then directs Anne to a position directly in front of Thorn.  Anne’s eye lights are flickering.  She twitches as sparks spring from her mouth.

Two large doors in the front of Anne’s body swing open with a creaking hiss.  Inside, Gill has built a restraint system custom-made for Professor Thorn.  A ragged collection of bare wires hang down and connect to a spiked head restraint that is sparking and hissing.

Gill:  You see, that’s when I realized, what I really needed was BOTH of you… together.  I needed the information locked up in the head of your robotic pet here, and your spark of creativity -- all at the same time.  I’m sure you always wanted to be “closer to your children,” well, now you can be!

Thorn screams as he is slowly “merged” with Anne, wires and gears wind and twist around him as the doors slowly close.  Just before they close completely, Thorn’s eyes light-up with an intense, feral glow.
