---------------
Chapter 10
---------------
Red opens his eyes slowly and his vision is filled with a yellow and black puffy cloud.  Slowly his vision clears and he sees the face of a bee staring down at him.

Red: BEES!!!  Get them away from me!  Yellow!  Hank!  Where are you?!

Yellow:  Red, it’s okay, it’s okay.  I’m right here.  I’m holding your leaves, Red.

Red sees Yellow and feels calm.  He realizes that he is laying down on some kind of cot made from stretched grass.  He is in a small room made of yellow honeycombs.

Red:  Where is Hank?

Hank:  I’m right here, Red.

Hank comes over to stand next to Red.  Red breathes a sigh of relief.  The face of a bee appears behind them, though, sending Red into a panic again.

Red:  BEES!!!  BEES!!!

Yellow:  Red, it’s okay.  This is Princess Evva, she’s helping us, Red.

Princess Evva:  I am so, so sorry for what happened today.  The soldier that arrested you was not following orders, and has been punished for his actions.  I had ordered him to bring you all to the hive -- but he somehow interpreted that as meaning “capture and torture” instead of “cordially invite.”  It was a big misunderstanding, and I apologize for…

Yellow bows gently before the princess.

Yellow:  Thank you, Milady, it was very kind of you to come visit us to insure our good health.

Princess Evva:  Pfft, you don’t have to call me “Miladay,” those titles are for members of the royal court or for gala balls.  You can just call me “Evva.”  And you are Yellow, isn’t that right?

Yellow:  Yes, Milad… I mean, yes, Yellow -- that’s right.  And this is Red and Hank.

Jack flies into the room, carrying two halves of an acorn shell -- one filled with water and one filled with a green liquid.  He places them both on the floor by Red’s roots and carefully alternates placing Red’s roots back and forth between the water and the green liquid.

Evva:  Oh, it is a pleasure to meet you all!  This really wasn’t how I envisioned this meeting would go.  I was hoping for more streamers and party decorations, and banquet tables, and possibly fewer… emergency wards.

Red begins to soak up the water and the green liquid through his roots, and the pain begins to subside almost immediately.  Evva walks over to the far side of the chamber and pushes open a hexagon-shaped window, letting the afternoon sunlight into the small chamber.

Evva:  This is my personal assistant, Jack.  He is a member of the Yellowjacket clan.  The Yellowjackets have helped this hive’s matriarchy for… well, I don’t even know how long.  Jack has what we call a “green thumb” when it comes to caring for flowers - a lost art, I’m afraid.  This liquid he has brought you truly works magic.  It’s a little something the farmer’s wife pours into her flower boxes.  We collect any excess, one drop at a time, and keep it for emergencies.  The farmer’s wife calls it “Miracle Cow,” I think.  Jack will insure that you are back to full health in no time.

Evva turns to Jack and bows to him, saying “Thank you, Jack.”  Jack is a little unaccustomed to having the Princess bow to HIM, and not knowing what to do he bows back and quickly leaves the room.  Evva sees that she has properly embarrassed Jack, and chuckles.

Evva: Ooh court bees are so funny, you break with custom in the smallest way and they simply don’t know what to do.

Yellow:  If I may ask, um..

Evva:  Evva!  You can call me Evva.

Yellow:  Evva.  Why have you brought us here?

Evva:  Oh!  Well, isn’t it obvious?  Oh, I suppose not, no.  Huh, well, I wanted to meet you, and talk to you, of course.  Our hive has met millions of flowers over its long history, but we have never once met a flower that can walk - and there are three of you!

Evva sees Red struggling to stand up.

Evva:  Two of you at least.  Okay maybe two and a half.  You are all extraordinary, though, and I was hoping we could learn from each other.  I would be honored if you would all be my guests here at the hive for awhile.

Red is feeling rejuvenated and tries to stand.  He is wobbly, though, and everyone comes to his aid to help him stand up, even Princess Evva.  Red is slowly, carefully, figuring out how to move his roots in a walking-like motion.  He watches Yellow’s graceful movements, and tries copying what she is doing.  The group slowly begins walking out the chamber and down the hallway out into the palace commons area.  Red is mostly stumbling over himself, and leaning on anyone or anything within reach.

Red:  Wow this is seriously hard!  You make it look so easy!

Yellow:  We are deeply honored by your generos….

Evva:  Oh, you can cut the court talk, dear, I get plenty of that in court… of all places.

Yellow:  Okay then.  Um, well, the thing is, Evva, my son needs to go to school.

Evva gestures to a chamber across the yard where dozens of bees are sitting in front of an older bee who is demonstrating some of Leonardo Da Vinci’s models.  On the wall are drawn advanced physics equations.

Evva:  He can attend school here.  He can earn college credits too!

Yellow:  Oh!  Right, but I need to work during the day to create sugar water so I can pay...

Evva:  Sugar water, are you kidding me?  We create over 60 pounds of honey every year.  Our honey is so sweet, that a single drop will produce all the sugar water you need for a month.  We got you covered, dear, we’ll take care of your mole taxes.  We know all about their little protection racket, and we’re going to put a stop to it!

Yellow:  Oh, but, you know, gosh darn it, then there’s Red’s gaming group that meets…

Evva:  We’ve got Fifth Edition.

Red:  (squealing with excitement) Fifth Edition?!  You have some Fifth Edition books, where did you find them?

Evva:  Oh, there is a little bookstore in town that has them.  So many young humans come in to read them that we just read them over their shoulders.  Jack has them all memorized.

Red squeals with excitement some more.

Red:  Oh, I hope there are more Feats.  I love the Feats.

Yellow jabs Red in the stem.

Yellow:  Red!  I think we have to work on my flight time, so I don’t think we can stay for…

Evva motions above her head and points to an enormous section of the hive fashioned into a control tower, hundreds of bees fly in precise flight paths above her head, forming intricate mandalas in the sky.

Evva:  Our hive has the most sophisticated flight operations crew in the county.  Our controllers manage thousands of flights every day and have the only state-certified flight school in the region.  We can help you get your wings, so to speak, and get you tower time.

Yellow’s mouth hangs open in awe.  She is temporarily mesmerized by the intricate patterns of bees flying above.

Red:  Your offer is really most generous, but...

Yellow jabs Red in the stem again, still staring up at the flight tower.

Yellow:  WE ACCEPT YOUR GRACIOUS HOSPITALITY AND WOULD BE HONORED TO STAY WITH YOU HERE AT THE TOWER.  I mean, at the palace, the palace.

Evva:   Good.  Jack has prepared a chamber for you all, I hope you like honeycomb patterns because, um… yeah.

Evva chuckles and waves as Jack escorts Yellow, Red, and Hank to their room.  She notices that Red’s stumbling and falling are improving… slightly.

