---------------
Chapter 8
---------------
Red is looking worried, but dutifully counts the seconds as Yellow glides through the air on a scrap of paper she found and fashioned into a makeshift glider with some dry twigs and sap.  Her glider crashes into the ground, tumbling Yellow into a heap.

Yellow: How many was that?!

Red: 5 more seconds.

Yellow: What’s my total?

Red: Two minutes, 25 seconds.  I really think they meant controlled flight, though, Yellow - I think you should clarify.

Yellow: That’s your opinion.  This will qualify me, I’m sure it will.  I just need an additional 99 hours, 57 minutes, and 35 seconds.  That’s not so bad!

As Yellow repairs her glider, the bushes behind Red start rustling, something is approaching fast.  Yellow notices it too.

Yellow: Red, is your gaming group practicing the Macarena?

Red: They don’t have to practice, they have it memorized.

Yellow: Then what is moving through the bushes?

Red: I don’t know, but you better put down roots fast!

Yellow tries to force her roots into the ground, but they won’t go in.

Yellow: It’s too hard here.

Red sees Yellow struggling, he quickly bends down and stretches out his leaves, Yellow is running as fast as she can, reaching with her leaves.  She grabs hold and Red snaps back, bringing Yellow right to his side.  Yellow sinks her roots into the ground just as the bushes explode with motion.  A small mouse with orange and grey fur leaps into the clearing, around its waist it seems to be wearing a belt made of flowers.  Its head is ringed with blue curly petals that seem to be draped down its back.

Red: That’s something you don’t see every day.

The mouse is too exhausted to speak, but the “belt” isn’t and calls out to Yellow and Red.

Hank:  Mom! Red! The sweat bee swarm - we saw the sweat bee swarm!

Yellow and Red simultaneously recognize Hank and both try pulling Hank off the mouse’s back like his life depended on it. Pepper finally catches her breath and simply wiggles free of Hank.  Hank uncoils himself and stands up.

Hank: Guys, I’m okay really.  This is Pepper, she’s in my class.

Pepper: Hello, Hank’s mom and dad!  It’s nice to meet you.

Yellow and Red are a little stunned, but finally regain their composure.

Yellow: Well, it is a pleasure to meet you, um, Pepper.  Well, aren’t you a big mouse!

Pepper: I still have a little extra bit of body fat from winter, but my weight goes up and down with the seasons - it’s natural.

Yellow: No, no, that’s not what I meant, I was just talking about how tall...

Red: Nice to meet you, Pepper.  I’m not really Hank’s dad, just a long-time family friend.

Pepper: Oh, so you’re like an adopted dad?  That’s so cool!

Red: Um.. adoption doesn’t work like...

Hank:  Mom, you should have seen them!  The sweat bees were like this huge storm cloud, covering the whole field…

Yellow: Wait! Wait a minute, mister, where exactly did you see this?

Hank: Across the road from the wheat field, Pepper was gathering her crop report, and ....

Yellow: On the Eastern end of the pond?  Honey, that’s a two-day hike from here, how did you...

Hank: Pepper took me, she can get there in like 10 minutes, tops.

Pepper smiles and rubs the sweat from her forehead.

Yellow: Pepper, is it?  Pepper, I can tell you are a sweet girl, and I know you didn’t mean any harm.  You didn’t know this, but Hank isn’t allowed to walk any further than Fork Rock.  I’m sorry, I think Hank won’t be able to play with you for the rest of the day… or for a few days, come to think of it.

Pepper’s ears droop, and she immediately understands that Hank is about to get a scolding and his mom doesn’t want to embarrass him in front of a friend.

Pepper: I’m sorry Mrs. Yellow, ma’am.  Hank, I have to go home now, I’ll see you at school.

Pepper starts to leave, and Hank starts to protest.  Before he can even finish his first word, though, Pepper has disappeared back into the underbrush and is gone.

Hank: What?! Why does Pepper have to leave?  She didn’t try to bite me or anything.  We were going to roll down Sunset Hill and then maybe…

Yellow: Hank… you know you’re not supposed to walk any further than Fork Rock, the bees could have found you, or a feral cow could have wandered across the road, or you could have wilted!

Hank: I didn’t walk any further than Fork Rock.  Pepper carried me the rest of the way.

Red overhears this and snickers.  Yellow uses one of her leaves like a bullwhip and snaps it in within a hair of Red’s stem with a loud crack.  Red immediately stops laughing.

Yellow: Sweetie, I was just worried about you, and you were very far from home.  Very, very far.

Hank: It’s not far for Pepper, so why is it “far” for me - she gets to run that route twice a day all by herself.

Yellow: Pepper is also 2 years older than you, and she’s a mouse, and mice have large territories for foraging….

Hank: It’s because she’s a mouse, isn’t it?! 

Yellow: What?  Wait, no, that’s not what I meant, I was only talking about the territory size for…

Hank: You’re just afraid she’s going to eat your petals or your seeds or something - that’s it, isn’t it?!

Yellow: What?! No, sweetie, Pepper seems like a nice girl, no - that’s not it at all!  You just traveled really far today…

Hank: (shouting now) You’re not going to have any more seeds anyways, so what does it matter?

Yellow is suddenly very solemn, and her voice quiet.

Yellow: What did you say, Hank?

Hank:  Seeds, mom.  You’re never going to have anymore seeds, are you?  So I’ll never have a brother, or even half-brother or whatever.  So what does it matter?

Yellow’s leaves wilt to the ground and her face becomes dull with sadness.  Hank has walked over to his flower bed and has planted himself with his back turned away from her.  Yellow slowly walks over to Hank and plants down right next to him.

Yellow: Sweetie, we talked about this.  The wind carried a bright puffball to me one day covered in pollen, and I reached out and grabbed that puffball and held on tight.  I knew you were meant for me.  And in a few days, your seed fell and planted itself right here.  Sweetie, miracles like that just don't happen every day.

Hank shifts away, trying to hide his tears.

Yellow: As soon as you sprouted, I knew you were different, curly leaves and all.  But I knew you were mine, my one special little flower.  And you grew so fast, you just couldn’t wait to see the whole big wide world!

Hank: Well, why didn’t you ever have another sprout?

Yellow: Hank, you know how dry it has been… your whole life in-fact, this whole region has been in a drought.  I was lucky that you inherited my ability to walk, and I was lucky to find this little pond where the ground is always wet.  You know how hard I’ve been working just to keep us together, right?

Hank: Yeah, I guess.

Yellow: Hank, if I thought I could have given a good home to two or three little saplings, I would have - you are a pure joy to me.  But I had to be realistic, and I had to make sure you had everything you needed.  And, I’m sorry, but that meant no little brothers or sisters for you.  Do you understand, sweetie?

Hank: I suppose.

Yellow wraps Hank in a big, warm hug and uses her leaves to dry his tears.

Yellow: All better now?

Hank nods.

Yellow: That’s good, but you are still grounded for 3 days.

Hank: Three days?  But we were just…

Hank sees the look on Yellow’s face and realizes this isn’t an argument he can win.  He sighs deeply and pulls a book out of his bookbag and starts reading.  Yellow walks around the corner of the bush and turns to Red, reaches up and pulls him down to her level by tugging at his petals until his face is even with hers.

Yellow: As for you…

Red:  I didn’t go past Fork Rock, I swear!  Rooted, remember?  Rooted!

Yellow: Why did you allow him to go past Fork Rock?

Red: He told me he was going to meet a friend at Fork Rock, he’s been out that far before, I didn’t know he was going further.

Yellow:  (yelling now) But you must have known something was up, didn’t he bring extra supplies for the trip or something?

Red: Yellow, he didn’t bring anything with him at all - he didn’t need to, that’s a 10-minute run for a mouse.  I know you are upset, but I don’t know why you are yelling at me.

Yellow (now exasperated, but still yelling): Because you didn’t stop him!

Red: I had no reason to stop him, Yellow.  Besides, I’m not his father.  

Yellow looks shocked.  All the anger drains from her face, and her leaves curl up a little.  

Red:  You treat me like I’m his father, but I’m not.  I try to do the best I can.  I watch over him after school, I play games with him, I answer all his questions, I try to teach him the difference between right and wrong, but I’m not his father.  

Yellow looks down at the ground, but is unable to respond.

Red:  This is just where I was planted, Yellow.

Yellow tries to say something, but she is unable to manage much more than a small squeak.

Red: I didn’t have a choice about being part of your family, Yellow.  You put down roots next to me - not the other way around.

Yellow is suddenly very quiet.  She walks over to Red and tries to wrap a leaf around him, but he pulls away.

Yellow: Is that how you really feel, Red?

Red doesn’t respond, but instead stretches up high, far away from Yellow so that his head is now peaking out from the top of the bush.

Red: I’m going to watch the clouds for a while, Yellow.
