---------------
Chapter 2
---------------
Looking West over the Bolton pond, you would probably just see an old tree stump, slumped down under the Summer sun.  But, if you dared to get just a little bit closer and peered down into its hollow center, you would see an enormous honeybee hive, with hundreds of bees all hard at work.  This particular beehive was so grand, in fact, that the interior looked like a palace.  Honeycombs had been molded into elaborate balconies, fancy dining halls, and enormous chambers for entertaining dignitaries from foreign lands.

A noticeably nervous new princess walks down the main hallway, accompanied by her slightly older but much calmer worker bee assistant.

Princess Evva: (sobbing) Well, that was a reception I’m sure people will be talking about… for generations!

Jack: (chuckling) Oh, I thought the flying caramel apples were the best part!

Evva: Jack! You know what I mean, I’m such a klutz.  It was like that table was alive, and was just waiting for me to touch it so it could flip up into the air and do tricks!  Oh, I think I scored a 1 out of 10 on the regal scale today.

Jack: (still chuckling) Milady, rulers are not chosen for their grace around banquet tables.  They are chosen for their heart – and you have proven your strength of character time and time again.  That is why you were given the title of princess, and it is why you will be taking the title of queen… when you are ready.  

Evva: (still upset) And the dessert table.

Jack: The dessert table is a mystery to me … especially considering that it was bolted to the floor.

Evva:  I’m such a klutz.  Poor Regent Carlos.

Jack: Oh, now that’s where I have to disagree – I think the punch bowl on his head completed his look perfectly.

Evva and Jack look at each other trying to keep a straight face, but quickly bust out into bubbly laughter.

Evva wipes the tears from her eyes and regains her composure.

Evva: Oh, Jack, I’m so glad you were there.  I still think I swapped step 5 and step 6 in the tea ceremony, though.

Jack: You did.  No one noticed.

Evva: Have you been able to find any of these so-called “walking flowers” yet?

Jack: Unfortunately, no.  They have proven to be extremely elusive, but we are narrowing down the search area with every sighting.

Evva: Isn’t it amazing, Jack? Just imagine what we could learn from them.  Oh, I can’t wait to meet them!

Jack:  I couldn’t agree more.  Oh, and then there are a few other matters that require your attention.  The recent storms have covered the Sunrise Hill deer trails with debris, making it impossible for them to get to their berry bushes.  The water level in Torn Leaf pond is getting dangerously low, and the fish are concerned that the weeds at the bottom of the pond will soon die.  The moles of Sunset Hill need help clearing brush above their tunnels.  A family of goats has moved into South Branch.  And, finally, the Beavers of North Branch are looking for a new pond where they can build a larger lodge - growing families, it seems.

Evva:  Let the beavers know they can use the debris from Sunrise Hill for their new lodge, they don’t even have to cut it down, but they must make sure the path to the berry bushes is clear.  Tell them that they can make their lodge in Torn Leaf pond after they build a dam on the southern outlet, that should raise the water level by at least 5 feet.  Ask the goats to move to Sunset Hill, they can graze on the brush there, that should make digging easier for the moles.  Then ask the moles to add an expressway tunnel from Torn Leaf pond to the Milkweed Pond, that should cause the ground above the tunnel to lower just enough to create an overflow channel between the two ponds so there is more waterflow between the two.  That, with the higher water level, should really help the weeds grow.

Jack is stunned, but chuckles and opens his eyes wide.

Evva: Did you get all that, Jack?

Jack: I certainly did, Milady.  More crazy ideas - but I’m sure they’ll work - they always do.

Evva:  Hey, I have to go with what I know.  You know?

As Evva and Jack round the corner, they walk right into two enormous soldier bees that were walking the other way.  Both groups tumble into a heap on the floor.  One of soldier bees is covered in Walnut shell armor.  The second soldier bee has a thinner build, wears a sash instead of armor, and is much older than the first.  The soldier bee with the sash speaks first.

General Gill: Oh, my apologies, your majesty … I was just looking for you.

Jack:  Aren’t you supposed to be helping run the honey shelf in South Branch today?

Gill:  (rolls eyes) Handing out free food to the needy is a waste of my talents.  I delegated the work to Sergeant Flint.

Evva: I specifically gave you that assignment so you could see how this war is affecting less-fortunate bees living in poorer hives.  You have disobeyed me again!

Gill: I beg your pardon, Milady, but your orders were to insure the honey shelf had help.  You did not specify who should carry out those orders.

Evva: But I gave them directly to you, the mandate was implied in …

Jack nudges Evva.  Evva regains her composure.

Evva: Fine.  At least the work is being done.  I will be creating new orders for you next week, General, and you can rest assured there will be no room for misinterpretation.

Gill: As you wish, Milady.

Evva: Is there another matter that keeps you, General?

Gill: Actually, yes, there is one pressing matter.  Our war with the sweat bees is not going well.  As you know, the contested territory is a patch of ground south of the milkweed pond.

Evva: Yes, I have been reading the reports – this should have been a minor skirmish.  It should have been resolved weeks ago, what is the problem?

Gill: The nature of the territory gives the sweat bees a distinct advantage.  The ground is dark sand, which makes the air above it sweltering hot.  The sweat bees seem unaffected by the heat, but our honeybee soldiers can barely tolerate it.

Evva: Even so, our soldiers fly faster and fight better.  Even with the heat, you should have been able to drive them back by now.  This is an important flower path for us, General, and you know how much it means to our hive to keep this flight path clear.

Gill: Yes, I am aware, Milady.  It’s just that the sweat bee hive population seems to be endless.  No matter how many sweat bees we strike down, there are the same number replacing them the next day.  That is why I have brought Sergeant Cole with me today.

Evva looks up at the lumbering, brutish soldier bee that has been silent through the entire exchange.

Evva: Sergeant.

Sergeant Cole snaps to attention, looking directly ahead.

Cole: Ma’am. Yes, Ma’am.

Evva: What am I supposed to be seeing here, General?

Gill: The future, Milady.

Evva: I’m not following.

Gill: You will soon be entering your egg chamber, Milady, and you will need a companion – a template for our future generations.  Sergeant Cole is an exceptional specimen, if he stayed with you in your egg chamber, all our future generations would benefit from his genetic advantages.

Cole has fallen asleep during this lengthy conversation.  He is now standing at attention, but with his eyes closed and some drool dripping from his lips.

Jack and Evva: Ewww.

Evva: (clearly upset) I will enter my egg chamber when I am good and ready, General!  And as for my choice of companion – that is my choice alone.  How dare you presume you can choose the shape of our future generations, that is my responsibility, not yours!

Gill: I beg your pardon, Milady.  I was only thinking of those poor unfortunate bees in South Branch...

Evva: You were thinking only of your own power and position.  You only wanted a future populated with mindless drones that are easy to control, that will slavishly follow any command you give them!

Gill: Ah, yes, the very definition of a perfect soldier.

Evva can tolerate this no longer and loses her composure, yelling at the top of her lungs.  She seems to grow in size until she is twice as large as the General.

Evva: I AM NOT A MACHINE!  I WILL NOT LAY EGGS JUST SO YOU CAN SEND THEM OFF TO ANOTHER ONE OF YOUR ENDLESS WARS!

General Gill seems to shrink from Princess Evva’s scolding, and is unable to look into her rage-filled eyes.

Gill: As you wish, Milady.

General Gill wakes up Sergeant Cole, and they turn and leave.  Evva turns back to Jack, who is trying to hold back a smirking grin.

Jack: Gill is strong, I will give him that, but not as strong as your fury.

Evva: Well, that could have gone better.

Jack: You did fine, Milady.

Evva: I think I swapped steps 2 and 3 in that reprimanding, though.

Jack:  You did.  No one noticed.

