---------------
Chapter 5
---------------
Hank loves sleeping in on weekends.  Yellow would be down by the western banks of the milkweed pond.  Her morning beachside Yoga/spin class would be just finishing, and Red would be turned around ¾ of a turn, which meant he was busy in his “home office,” or as Yellow like to call it, his “flower cave.”  Most importantly, that meant Hank could just sleep in.  At least, that’s what he would normally be doing.

But not today, the sun was midway to noon and Pepper said he could come early with her to check on the wheat fields.  Last night’s storm may have caused a lot of damage, and if it did, he wanted to see it for himself.

Hank straightened up, took an extra long sip of water through his roots, and let his leaves catch the sunlight until he felt full.  With late-breakfast done, he slowly, carefully uprooted himself, trying not to disturb Red, and quietly tiptoed away.  He was certain he had avoided detection.

Red: Where are you off to this early, sport?

Hank: Oh, I’m going to meet Pepper at Fork Rock.

Red: Who is Pepper?  How come you’ve never mentioned him before?

Hank: Pepper is a girl, Red. She’s a mouse I met at school yesterday.

Red: What are you going to do at Fork Rock?

Hank: Oh, just hang out, you know, might play some four-square.  She’s got a tiny rubber ball that’s just the right size for us!

Red: Alright, no further than Fork Rock, though.  And be careful!

Hank: I promise, see you later!

Red: See you later, sport.

Hank rushes down the hill, over the Mole Trail, and is quickly out of sight.  Red turns back to his home office, mumbling something about “encounter balance.”

The journey to Fork Rock probably isn’t very long - if you are a  mouse, or a bee, or even a butterfly.  But for a walking flower, it took Hank the better part of an hour.  Hank made sure to stay out of the bee flight paths, which made the journey even longer.  When he finally arrived at Fork Rock, he found Pepper had decided to go for a swim.  She was lazily floating on her back, holding a leaf in one paw so the leaf was shading her from the sun. Her whiskers and ears twitched as he approached and she immediately opened her eyes and looked in his direction.

Pepper: Who goes there?!

Hank: It’s just me, Pepper.  

Pepper suddenly drops the leaf and swims to shore to greet him.

Pepper: I didn’t cut it.

Hank: Didn’t cut what?

Pepper: The leaf.  I didn’t cut it off a growing plant or anything.  I found it on the ground.

Hank: Well, yeah, I kind of assumed.

Pepper: I didn’t know how you felt about plant pruning, but I’m assuming it doesn’t leave you with happy feelings.

Hank: Well my leaves fall off all the time, especially when it gets cold - then I usually lose all of them.  They always grow back though, I’m constantly sprouting new ones.

Pepper: That’s amazing!  I wish I could grow a new coat whenever mine got dirty.

Hank: Why? Can’t you just hop in the pond to get clean?

Pepper: Sometimes.  But if there are cats or owls around the pond, then I have to lick my fur clean.

Hank: Ewww!

Pepper: Tell me about it, it’s disgusting - but we have to do it, or else we’ll pick up scents that can lead predators right to our den.

Hank: What’s a “pred...dut...ter?”

Pepper: Omigosh, Hank, I envy you - you live outside the whole predator-prey system.  I mean, you have to worry about herbivores and all, but look at you.  How many herbivores would bother chasing a plant that runs away when they can just turn their head and eat another plant that is firmly rooted?  Now that’s what I call beating the system!

Hank: What’s a “herbyvore?”  What are you talking about eating plants?

Pepper: (giggling) Herbivores are animals that eat plants, oh wait, I think you’ll learn about that later in political science class, or maybe biology...or nutrition class, I forget which one…

Hank: Animals that eat plants, that sounds disgusting!

Pepper: Well, yeah, of course it would sound disgusting to you.  You’re so silly!

Hank: (nervously) Are you a herbyvore?

Pepper: Me, oh what?  Oh, no, that would never do - no, I’m an omnivore, I eat anything.

Hank: (swallows hard, obviously nervous) Even flowers?

Pepper: Well, maybe leaves if I’m starving, but seeds will do anytime or berries or...

Pepper notices that Hank is shaking and his face has gone pale.  She splashes water on him.

Pepper: Not you, silly!  I would never eat a friend’s leaves, or their seeds, or anything like that.  That would be... awkward.

Hank: Well, what if you get really hungry?

Pepper: No see, it’s just the opposite of how you’re thinking about it.  See, because I can eat practically anything, that means I can be very selective about what is on the menu, because for me there are always lots to choose from… and friends are always off the menu.  Trust me, I would never eat your leaves or your seeds.  You just have to trust me on this one, ok?

Hank: Okay, if you say so.

Pepper: Hank, really, I swear, you have nothing to worry about, okay?

Pepper holds out her paws, and Hank gently places his leaves in them.  She gives them a tight squeeze and smiles.  Her sensitive paws can feel the sugar water in the veins of his leaves slowing down.  Her whiskers can sense a slight drop in air temperature around his face as his petals are absorbing sunlight again.  She feels him calming down.

Pepper: There, that’s better. Can I ask you a personal question?

Hank: Yeah sure.

Pepper: How come your petals are always curled up?

Hank slowly withdraws his leaves and looks down to the ground.

Pepper: Oh, I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean, I mean, if that’s a flower personal thing…

Hank: It’s okay, it’s not really.  They’ve been like that for as long as I can remember.  It’s just that… well, that’s always the first thing people see about me, I mean besides the walking around thing.

Pepper: Omigosh, I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean…

Hank: It’s okay.  They’ve just always been that way, that’s all.

Pepper: Well, I think they’re nice.

Hank: Really?

Pepper: Yeah, really, I mean, it’s like you have curly hair.  Plus the whole walking around thing is pretty cool too.  That’s not the first thing I noticed about you, though.

Hank: It’s not?  What was then?

Pepper: I’ll tell you when we get back from the fields, okay?

Hank: Um… okay.  It’s going to take us forever to get around the pond, though.

Pepper: Omigosh, yeah, maybe for you, you slowpoke.

Hank: Hey, who are you calling a slowpoke?  I’m pretty fast.

Pepper: For a walking flower, yeah maybe, but you’ve never seen me really run.

Hank: Well that’s great for you, but how’s that going to help me?

Pepper deftly spins around, scoops up Hank with her nose, and flips him in the air so he lands squarely on her back.

Hank: Whoa, you’re going to carry me?  All the way to the wheat field?  Won’t that wear you out?

Pepper: Are you kidding?  I can barely feel you, you’re so light!  I have 3 stops planned along the route where you can stop and soak up water, plus I have half an acorn in my cheek, so I have something to eat in case of any emergencies.  How’s that sound?

Hank: Wait, how do I hold on to you?

Pepper: Just wrap your stem around my waist, and hold onto my fur with your leaves.

Hank wraps his stem around Pepper’s waist, and grabs her fur tightly.

Pepper: Not the scruff of the neck!  Not the scruff of the neck!

Hank lets go and grabs Pepper’s shoulders instead.

Pepper: Whoo, that’s better.  The scruff of the neck makes mammals freeze, we can’t move when you do that.  Are you ready?

Hank: I’m ready!

Pepper: Okay, hold tight!

