Bitter Plants
by Darrel Cusey
© copyright 2016 Lakehome Games, LLC All Rights Reserved.

---------------
Chapter 1
---------------
Our story doesn’t begin at the old Bolton family farmhouse.  It doesn’t even start in the overgrown forest at the far edge of the wheat field.  No, our story begins in a tiny patch of yellow and red flowers at the far western edge of a tiny, murky milkweed pond, under an ancient weeping willow tree.

This could have been a flower patch much like any other flower patch in these deep woods, but it wasn’t.  In this flower patch, the flowers could talk and dance and sing.  On this particular morning, one bright daisy was in a big hurry trying to wake up a little blue flower.

Yellow: Hank!  Third warning - you need to get up now. 

Hank: Ah, mom, just a few more minutes - that was just the second warning.

Yellow: It was your third - you shouldn’t have stayed up so late last night.

Hank: I was too excited for school!  Middle school is going to be so cool!

Yellow: Cool or not, you’re going to miss announcements if you don’t get your leaves moving.  

Yellow lifts Hank up out of his flower bed and hands him a stack of books and a lunchbox.

Yellow looks up to a large red flower that is rooted nearby.

Yellow:  Red? Red are you awake yet?

A large red flower, nearly twice as tall as Yellow, rubs his eyes and stretches his leaves.

Red: Hank is right - this is too early.  What kind of school would start classes this… (he sees Yellow glaring up at him and stops).  I’m technically awake, yes.

Yellow: Today is Hank’s first day of middle school, Red.  Can you be here to meet him when he gets home?

Red: I’m rooted, where am I going to go?

Yellow: Well  I don’t know, you could uproot today, and start a new chapter in your life… or decide you want to go on a vacation to Shell Beach.  Or maybe you decide to go live a life of quiet contemplation deep in the Moonglade Forest.  The possibilities are endless if you think about them!

Red: You’ve obviously been thinking about them.

Yellow: It’s just you know, Hank is a little different than the other kids at school, and you know how kids can be mean at his age, and he may need someone to talk to when he gets home, and I’m interviewing for that control tower position today, today of all days...

Red: Yellow, Yellow slow down.  I’m sure everything will be fine, the school has already prepared all the accommodations you asked for.  Hank will be the first walking flower they’ve ever had, they are going out of their way to make sure he has everything he needs.  

Yellow: But, you will be here right?

Red: I promise, I’ll be here.  I’ll get him a snack, I’ll help him with his homework.  We’ll play some catch, it’ll be fine.

Yellow: Red, thank you, I can’t tell you how much that means so to me.  

Yellow wraps her leaves around Red’s stem in a big hug.  Red’s cheeks turn pink.

Red: Hehe, it’s no trouble at all.

Yellow: Oh! Before I go, I wanted to show you something…

Yellow brings all 6 of her leaves down to the ground and walks with all 6.  Red’s mouth hangs open and he looks a little pale.

Yellow:  Pretty cool huh?  I move better over uneven ground this way.

Red: You look like a leafy green spider with a daisy growing out of its back!  You can stop now. Make it stop now.  Now, please!

Yellow folds up four of her leaves so she is walking on just two again.

Yellow: Ah come on that was cool, admit it!  That took a LOT of concentration and practice.

Red: (trying to shake it off) Ugh, spiders!  Can’t unsee.  Can’t unsee!  Hank, do you think one of your books would knock me out... if I accidentally dropped one, on my head, from a really high elevation?

Hank has been watching this whole scene and just laughs while getting his bookbag ready.

Hank:  Bye Red, see you after school.

Hank and Yellow embrace, and Hank runs off to school.

Yellow calls after him: “Have fun! Make new friends! Listen to your teachers! Keep your roots covered!”

Hank: Love you too, mom!

Yellow turns to Red after Hank has gone.

Yellow: Do you really think he’ll be okay?

Red: It’s just teenage boys and girls, what’s the worst thing that could happen?

Yellow:  Oh! Oh! There’s the rooster crow, I better get over to  Sunrise Hill!

Yellow runs off.

Yellow: Bye, Red, thanks again!

Red straightens up to catch the first beams of sunlight filtering through the willow branches.

Red: You go get ‘em Yellow.  You go get ‘em.
