---------------
Chapter 3
---------------
The sun is hanging low above Sunset Hill, Hank is slowly walking home, he is dragging his bookbag behind him, his leaves are wilted and his petals are curled up.  Red sees him and knows right away that Hank’s first day of middle school was probably “challenging.”  Red tries to stay positive.

Red: Hey sport!  See, that wasn’t so bad now, was it?

Hank: Well, it wasn’t what I expected.

Red: I bet you made all kinds of new friends!

Hank: Well, not exactly.  Mostly the other boys just tried to tease me.

Red: Oh no! You didn’t get into a fight on your first day did you?  If you did, I know that it was probably in self-defense.  Did you take my advice, though, and single-out the biggest and strongest flower in the yard? Did you remember the self-defense moves I taught you last Summer…

Hank (trying to get Red’s attention): Red. Red! RED!

Red stops talking but still looks worried.

Hank: No, it wasn’t anything like that.  When the boys started teasing me, I just asked the teacher if I could move to the other side of the classroom, and she said that was fine, so I uprooted and moved to the other side by the mammals.  Problem solved.

Red: Then why are you so glum?

Hank: I’m just tired, it was a long day.  Plus all the girls constantly wanted to chat with me, even when the teacher was talking.  They all knew my name like right after the first hour.

Red: Oh yeah, right, the girls.

Red suddenly gets a stunned look on his face and leans over close to Hank.

Red: Wait a minute.  Were they smiling at you?

Hank: Yeah, all the time, do you think they were all laughing at me for some reason?  Do I have something in my teeth?

Hank opens his mouth wide and looks up to Red expectantly.

Red: What?  Teeth? No, no, close your mouth sport, I don’t think that was it.

Hank: Well I don’t know what they were all smiling about then.

Red: Oh boy.  Um, sport, ooh, how do I put this?  Maybe this is best left to Yellow.  Wow, where is Yellow anyways?

Hank: They all wanted to see me wiggle my roots too.

Red gets a look of absolute horror on his face.

Red: AND YOU DID NOT DO THAT, RIGHT?

Hank: No, I didn’t want my roots to dry out, I kept them under my leaves when I was walking around.

Red breathes a sigh of relief.

Red: Hank, there’s another reason why you don’t show your roots to people.  Except maybe flower doctors, but only if absolutely necessary.

Hank: What?  Why?

Red: Because it would be immodest.  Do you understand?

Hank: Immodest?  Oh? What?

Hank’s face suddenly lights up with understanding, and his cheeks turn purple.

Hank: Oh, I get it because you never see the roots of plants that don’t walk.

Red: That is close enough.  I have a surprise for you, the moles came by today and I traded some sugar water for some fresh loam.

Hank (excited) Loam!? Really?!

Red: Yep, go ahead and plant yourself right over here.

Hank scurries over and plants his roots deep in the loam.

Hank: This is delicious!

Red: (chuckling) Yeah, I thought you might be extra hungry after your first day.

Hank is swaying back and forth and settling his roots down deep.  Red reaches up with one of his petals and pulls on a thick blade of grass above Hank’s head.  The water pours down into the ground at Hank’s feet.

Red: I saved you some dew from this morning for you too.

Hank: Ah, thanks Red!  Mmmm. Hey Red, why haven’t you ever tried pulling up your roots?

Red: What and lose this prime piece of real estate?

Hank: No really, Red, you should try.

Red: I don’t think it works that way sport.  You and your mom are very special.  If I tried to do what you do, I think it would break my roots.  I’ve been in this spot for years and years.  My roots are pretty deep.

Red: Why do you ask, sport?

Hank: Well  um, it’s just that if you could walk too, then we could all travel around and explore, and go on adventures together!

Red: Oh, I think those girls at school are going to give you plenty of adventure.

Hank: You know what I mean.  Stop teasing.

Red: Honestly kid, I’ve got everything I could ever want right here.  I turn to my left, and I’m home.  I turn to my right, and I’m at work, and if I twist all the way around, I’m at my gaming group.  Best commute ever!

Hank: And we’re here too.

Red: What? Oh right, because you and your mom are here too.  Now, let’s check that homework!

Hank: Finished it all at school.

Red: Really?  Then are you ready for the greatest puffball competition of your life?!

Hank uproots, and excitedly runs around collecting milkweed puffs into a ball.  He and Red start tossing the puff ball back and forth as they keep talking.

Red: Do they play puffball at your school?

Hank: Well sort of.  The girls play a version where they put a stone in the middle of the puffball and they try to hit each other in the head with it, and you have to catch it if you don’t want to get knocked out.

Red: Wow.

Red and Hank keep playing for awhile, chatting away about school until the sun finally sinks below the horizon.  Hank sinks his roots deep into the ground and starts sipping up the water and nutrients he needs for another big day tomorrow.  The sky is starting to get cloudy, as a storm starts rolling in. Red takes out a book from his bookbag and starts reading.

Red: Alright sport, time for my gaming group, holler if you need anything.

Red turns all the way around to face a small group of Red flowers standing behind him.  Red lifts and flips out a card table made from a chunk of tree bark that has been smoothed and cut to a roughly circular shape.  Red addresses the flowers around the card table.

Red: Ok, where were we?

Red’s Gaming Friends: You have to make a Fortitude save.

Red: Again?!

The evening passes on, Hank is reading an adventure book, and Red’s gaming group starts winding down.

Hank: Red!  Red!

Red: What is it sport? 

Hank: Is my mom home yet?

Red looks a little nervous and looks toward Sunset Hill, but he tries to hide it, and tries to speak with confidence.

Red: She’ll be home real soon, I’m sure she just had some extra paperwork to do or something.

Hank: What if the bees got her?

Red: The bees, oh, what would the bees want with your mom?

Hank: The boys at school said the bees were looking for walking plants.

Red: Oh, they, uh told you that did they? Of course they did.

Distant thunder can be heard rolling over the hills.

Red: I’m sure everything is fine, nothing to worry about.

Red stretches up high to try to see further over Sunset Hill.

Red: Yellow is very resourceful, and she’s quick… and brave.

Red doesn’t realize that Yellow has returned and is standing below him, listening to him.

Yellow: Oh, and don’t forget she’s good in a fight.

Red: (still trying to look over the hills for Yellow) Right! Good in a fight.

Yellow: And she is a natural-born leader.

Red: I have never met a more natural-born... Yellow! You’re back!

Red bends down and gives Yellow a big hug, his cheeks turn pink and he lets her go.  As soon as he does, Hank runs over and clenches his leaves around her stem.

Yellow: (hugging Hank back) Well, I don’t know what I did to earn this much affection…

Hank: We thought the bees got you!

Yellow (looks up at Red, scowling): We really didn’t think the bees were anything to worry about.  Did we, Red?

Red: The kids at school were teasing him about it.

Yellow: Oh, I see. Kids can be cruel at this age, Hank – they are just trying to give you something to worry about.  Don’t pay any attention to them, no one is going to take me anywhere.

Hank slowly releases his grasp.

Hank: Are you sure?

Yellow: I’m sure sweetie.

Hank: Where were you?

Yellow: Oh, I had to meet with the moles to declare our land as a homestead for next year – you would not believe how long the lines were. I saw a lot of critters from South Branch, though. There was a group of squirrels in line with me that I haven’t seen in ages.  Boy, times sure are tough in South Branch.  Plus, I had that control tower interview today - I can tell you all the rest tomorrow.  Right now, I think it’s sleepy time for one little flower.

Hank: Mom, I’m too old for “sleepy time.”

Yellow: Oh sorry.  I meant bedtime.  I’ll try to remember, sweetie.

Hank: But what about all the stuff that happened at school today?

Yellow: You can tell me all about it tomorrow morning before school.

Hank is a little disappointed, but is too tired to fight sleep any longer.  He pulls up his leaves and wraps them around his stem until they are covering him like a big soft blanket.  He closes his eyes and Yellow kisses him “goodnight”  Soon he is snoring softly.

Yellow walks back over to Red.

Red: Is he asleep already?

Yellow: Yep, that is one tuckered-out little flower.  He must have had a great day.

Red laughs anxiously.

Red: Hehe, yeah great.  How did the interview go at the control tower?

Yellow: They wanted someone with more flight experience!  Can you believe it?  I asked them how exactly did they expect anyone to log flight time when they didn’t actually, you know, fly.  I knew all the regulations and procedures better than they did, and I scored the highest score they’ve ever seen in the simulator - but it still wasn’t good enough.  No flight time, no chance.  Ugh!  It was so frustrating.

Yellow walks over next to Red and unwinds the leaves from around her head, which tumble down to her waist like locks of jade hair.  She plants herself right next to Red.

Red: What are you doing Yellow?

Yellow: What does it look like I’m doing, I’m getting ready for bed.

Red: But your flower bed is over…

Yellow: Red, I’m so tired, I don’t think I have enough energy to keep my stem up straight all night.  You don’t want me to wake up with a broken stem, do you?

Red: Well, um… I.. oh, um, no I suppose not.

Yellow: I’m just going to lean against you Red.  Your stem is... so... strong.

Yellow leans against Red and intertwines her leaves with his leaves so that it looks like they are both covered in a big leafy quilt.  The storm has moved in, and it starts to rain.

Yellow (talking sleepily) Mmm, the rain, I love the sound of the rain.

Yellow drifts off to sleep.  A lightning strike far off in the distance momentarily lights up the whole flower patch, and soon Hank is standing at Red’s feet too.

Hank: Red, can I…

Red: Is it the thunder?

Hank nods his head and looks down at his leaves.

Red: Of course you can, sport, come on.

Hank walks over and puts down roots right between Red and Yellow, and snuggles under their blanket of leaves.  Even though the thunder and rain continue, Hank and Yellow are sleeping soundly.  Red stretches up one of his leaves and positions a willow branch so that it covers them all from the rain, keeping them all warm and dry.  Soon he is fast asleep.
